 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to talk about hybrid optimization. So how to optimize your website and store for maximum results. Now first thing that I want to mention is that if you go to our dashnecksupport.com and go to our documentation, you'll find an extensive library of all kinds of different things that you can do and optimize either on your website side or on your store builder side, right? So obviously, I'm not going to be covering absolutely everything in this video. However, I want to run through a couple of things which just takes minutes to do if you know that you need to do them. And basically, if you will just do these things, you will be on your way to have solid results. Now, one thing before we dive into this, and I just want to mention that out of the gate, is that I really highly recommend that you set up a Google Analytics account for your store and website. And you just need only one account for both, right? So for the hybrid site, you need one account. You add the website domain as the main thing in your Google Analytics account. and you use that script on both sides, right? And I'm not going to record a video about that. You just go here to the documentation, find Google Analytics, go through the information here on Google, and you'll find how to set it up on both, either on your store or on your website side, right? Now, having said that, what I'm going to do now, I'm going to just go to the store that I have here and I'm going to run through a couple of very simple optimizations that will just help you to make more money with your store right away. So the first thing is called mobile store. So when you first going to click on it, it's going to ask you to activate the license. You click on that. And mobile store essentially is a dedicated mobile store, which is a replica of your desktop version but it creates a custom user experience when people come and visit that store right And essentially you don have to do anything here So title above the image description below the image and description you know, expanded by default, I would leave that. And then integrations, since we did the integrations before, they are automatically applied here as well. So you don't have to do some specific integrations under the mobile store. And so now if you will, you know, visit your store and I'll show you this. So if you visit your store, let's say we are visiting this product page and I'm going to just show you how this would look like if we would go onto the mobile, right? So now if I reload this page, right, as you can see, it reloads the custom experience on mobile device with all the pinch zooming and things like that, right? It's automatic. There is navigation, which is very nicely organized here on mobile. So it's all custom experience, right? And this is really, really important, all right? And obviously later on, we will upload reviews and all that stuff. And so this is going to be perfect, right? And so you want to have a dedicated mobile store for sure, right? So that's step number one when it comes to optimization. Step number two is called marketing hub. So you're going to go inside of the marketing hub. And the first step you want to do, you want to click on Abundant Lab. And again, you will need to launch it separately. And once you are inside here, the only thing that you need to do here is just enable this one. That's it, right? You don't have to do anything else. Obviously, you can check the settings, make sure there is your logo showing up and stuff like that. But nothing else is really, really required, right? Nothing else is really required. Now, if you want to go deeper and use our custom campaign builder and set up multiple automations for the Abundant card, you can absolutely do that, but then you just need to go to the documentation here and there is marketing hub documentation and there is extensive library about one follow campaign builder layouts and styles campaign sequencing things like that Again you can dive into it but if you are just launching your store you don't have to do it. When you will start to get some 10, 20 orders per day, then you can start to mess around with it, improve it, and get better results. Okay. Now let's go back to the marketing hub. The next thing that you want to do, you want to go to the upsell lab and you want to set up a one post purchase upsell. So you're going to click on the upsell tab. And what do you want to do here? You want to click on the double it upsell. Okay. It's very simple. So this is a default. Let's call it double it. Right. No need to invent some specifics there. And here, what do you want to do? You want to set up a rule, right? And the rule could be, for example, range of value conditions. So if the order is $10 or between $100, or let's put it this way, if the order is between $10 and $25, apply discount 15%. Okay. Add another rule. If order is 26 to let's say, yeah, 26 to we should say, for example, $25.99, 26, let's say to $50 apply 25%. And if it's, let's say range, 50.01 or anything above that, you can apply 30% discount, right? Everything else, you can add it, you can mess around with it, but you don't have to do that. You just click save and there is, oh, it requires the range. So let's put it $1,000, for example, right? So let's save it. And if you preview, I don't know what it will show up there, but this is how it will look like. Essentially, it will offer an automatic upsell to people who purchased some of your products. So if they purchase, let's say, if you go to your store, right? And let's say they purchased this magnetic weight loss steel bracelet. And let's say they purchase it. It and it a free shipping right and then they so it will be in the range between to So they are going to get a $15 discount if they buy another one. And this is super powerful. You know, it just makes you money automatically when someone buys from your store. And you do this with this simple adjustment. no need to do any kind of advanced stuff okay no need to do any kind of advanced stuff now the next couple of things that I would like to suggest here is if you go out and you go to checkout and carts and checkouts and you go to settings then what you can do you can enable the timer in the cart. And you can say, for example, 30 minutes or 15 minutes. And you can also decide to enable in the mobile cart. You can also decide that customers are required to add a phone number in the checkout. I would suggest this because otherwise it's really hard for delivery. and it cannot be less than 45 minutes, unfortunately. So 45 minutes. So make sure you enable this as well. It takes a couple of seconds to do so. And then if you look from the other things here to do, then what you can do inside of the store, obviously you can go through all of this and this is where you are going to add your Google Analytics. also I suggest you set up a Facebook pixel for your store absolutely at the social URLs if you create those accounts but the key thing which I wanted to show you here is currency you want to enable the multi-currency so if people come from a different sort of different country they can see different currency and you can see here you know the pricing will be displayed in different currency for them. Checkout will still work just in the US dollars but this is just a great way if you advertise you know on social sites or stuff like that it's a great way how to you know get more people to actually go through the checkout. Also you can optimize the meta title for your store optimize you know all these details provide you know the name of  your store like in this case for example lifestyle flavor this is going to be a homepage so lifestyle flavor offer offers absolutely essential products that can improve your health and help you to lose weight faster, right? Something like that. And meta keywords, you can add here, for example, your store keyword, the same for the open graph. And I'm not going to do these things. You can do them on your own. They are not mandatory, just the good stuff to do, right? And then what else I wanted to say here when it comes to store, I think that's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. So we already did the report thing in the navigation and 90% of people will come to your mobile store. That's the key and phone number is already enabled and the email is there. So that's a quick optimization for the store. So I would say that at this point, your store is ready, you know, to accept orders and start to make you money. Now let's go to the website side. Now, on the website side, there are a couple of things. You can go to settings and you can go to the custom domain. And the first thing that you can select here is a page for your, as a homepage, right? And as a homepage, what you want to set up is your article page. So let me check which one this is. I think this is the one. So I'm gonna select that, click save changes. And now you can test it by going to the homepage and see if the homepage shows up properly. And as you can see, it shows up properly. So this is good. So that's the first thing you want to do. Obviously we want to change the email here so let me let me find my file here real quick. Change that email as well because that used in the contact form so when people reach out we are contact form then that that the email it will send the email to Then go to the XML sitemaps and you pretty much have everything covered here except I would include in the indexing, I would include the free report. So you can click save changes to that. When it comes to scripts, this is where you will add your Google Analytics script and also the script that comes from Facebook. So Facebook pixel script. And then if we go to the pages, there is one trick I want to show you real quick. So if you go here, what do you want to do? You want to copy your website homepage, okay? And what do you want to do? You want to click edit the page and you want to do this for every single page. You want to go to the header metadata and you want to find this location which says OG URL. And here, besides the quotes, you want to enter that URL, your homepage. And what this means is that if someone shares your quiz last step page, they are going to be redirected to the homepage, which is your main landing page. And you want to set this up for every single one of your pages here. So this is just a manual step that you need to do. Nothing you can do about that. So let's do this real quick. It's a good solid trick that makes sure that if people are sharing some kind of download pages or things like that on social media, they get automatically redirected to the actual homepage. Okay, which is cool. Alright, and in this case this is the homepage so here you can enter the URL anyway and we'll need to update some stuff here. So now when it comes to the metadata what you want to do you obviously want to also adjust here the the stuff that you have for the free report, for example, right? This is a free report, so you want to set it as index and follow first and foremost. And then when it comes to the open graph URL we have actually include that part in your image folder so remember you download that the website files and if you unzip this image file then you are going to get here this open graph image which looks like this and what you can do you can simply drag and drop that image right here right and that's going to create this open graph image for this page and you know you want to have that for each page. You will see it here. You can see here, it just shows up nicely here, right? You want to have that for every single one of your pages, especially the public pages, right? So this one is public page. And I think I actually made the mistake. So I didn't know that this is the actual giveaway report page. Let me just preview what it is. Yeah, this is the giveaway report. So let's copy this title and let's just change here. So we want to change it here and we want to change it here and we want to change it here as well. And this is the actual page that we need to make index and follow. The other one was actually not index and no follow. And then for this one we also want to drag and drop the file can be the same so exit this right so this is the free report page and then give up page was no this is the giveaway page hold on yeah this is is the one and the limited access to the report that should be no index and no follow sorry for confusion and then here you want to do the same so here again you want to go to the graph and here you will have this title and this is what you want to add here as well. This is what you have on the main page, right? This title you want to use. Let's just copy it from here better, you know So this is the title you want to use in your meta details And then again you just drag and drop that image here Click save And I think we have pretty much organized all the pages here when it comes to the optimization And yeah, I think that's pretty much it when it comes to website. Let me check the XML site map here. So we have the main thing, main homepage, and we have that. So yeah, I would say that right now it's pretty optimized. And there are just a couple of things that you can obviously do as you will start to promote this. For example, things you can do is you can change these banners. So what we have done is we have included banners for every single one of your products. So you can see that we have magnetic weight loss bracelet banner, another one here. And so if you want to replace that, you just have to go through the inline editor and replace it. And you can do the variations in terms of the promotion. And we'll talk about that in the promotion video. But this is the other thing which you want to do is, which I want to suggest, is that you never send people to the homepage. You'd always send them to the actual article page. right? So if normal weight obesity is your URL, then this is where you want to send the traffic. Obviously, if you create social profiles, you will want to use the root domain there. It's fine because it will redirect to the same page. But when you promote it directly from social media, you want to take the article page, okay? Because you might decide to later change the the homepage or something like that, right? Now, I know this might sound kind of confusing right now, but we'll talk about that in the promotion video later on, right? So this is kind of a quick hybrid optimization in order to get everything ready, to get your store ready, to get your website ready. And so everything is now optimized and ready for traffic. Literally right now you have autoresponder, you have pages in place, you have the quiz in place, you have all the links in place. Absolutely everything is in place to start the promotion. And so in the following videos, we will talk about the promotion, what do you need to do and how you need to do it, what are the steps you can take in order to turn this to a massive money maker.