 Hey, this is Peter Gourdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, we are going to talk about the giveaway delivery. So how to customize and set up giveaway delivery page. So in the previous video, we set up the upsell page for the giveaway funnel. And right now we are in the page number three here, which is a delivery page. Now, just like with the upsell page, there are a couple of things we need to do. And the first one is we need to get a custom affiliate link for the delivery page, right? So let's just go back to ClickBank. Let's just look for Cinderella Solution. Let's just click promote. And as usually, it's going to open up this box right here. And here you can just type in D-L-Y, which can stand for delivery. And you can just copy the link and go back to your notepad, paste that link in here. and now we need to create a short link. So for that we go to the pages dashboard, we go to redirect links, we click a new page, we provide a name for the page. Let's just copy the link first and then let just copy the name here and this is a special delivery offer right Let call it that way click save copy the URL and you know all these things already right so now we have these little details that we need and what we can do we can now exit this and we can go to lifestyle flavor in this case dashboard of all pages and we can go to the custom page. Here we click add page. And now what we do is we drag and drop the delivery page right here. Right. And here, as usual, you know, you can do some adjustments right away. So for example, you can include the meta title here. You can include OG title here. And because this is a delivery page, obviously it's no index, no follow, click save. And then the final thing, which I would adjust here is this one. So confirmed access is the URL that I want. So I click save. And now we have done these basic settings. So we can go inside of the inline editor and this is where we can do all the adjustments that we need, okay? So let's start from the very top. So the first thing is we need to change the link here for this download, right? So we click on that button, right? And here inside somewhere we had the PDF URL So we already created that earlier And so this is what you want to type in here so download load free report right click apply and now here we should have a link for the download right now the next thing is we have link for this image as well and so that's going to be the short link that you created the affiliate link that you created right so just type in here special special offer or you can call it exclusive video click apply next you want to change this link as well the same way again the same link the same the same affiliate link the same short link here and again I'll watch this exclusive video click apply and now you have done everything here at the top and what you need to do is you just need to update the footer so again we copy and paste stuff and this really just is copy and pasting right nothing more here just like this apply and then let's change these links real quick Click link here update the name here privacy the same thing privacy name link And in the future obviously here at Dashnext we are going to deliver an automated footer on all pages but that that not happening at the moment so that why we need to just customize these things on each of the page takes a few minutes extra but that's absolutely fine I think at least you don't need to go inside of the code yet there might be pages where we will need that so we'll see so here is the contacts the final page click apply and then you can save this save here and you'll have the page ready so you can exit this page preview this page and click and open and obviously you can test here whether you can you know download the file and as you can see it absolutely works. You can obviously check whether links are working and as you can see they are. So that's good. And then we have all the bottom stuff here as well. So now we can just copy this URL and save it here on our notepad. So this is going to give away a delivery page and we have another section here just completed, right? So we have this file with all the resources that we need and we are done when it comes to delivery page.