 Hi, this is Peter Giorgi with Side Merchant Program. And in this video, we are going to talk about hybrid sources. So how to set up a giveaway report and upload website source files along with the giveaway report to Dash Next PowerTech platform. So what you will find below this video are two files. You are going to find a giveaway report file, which is going to contain these several kind of documents in here. There will be a report in three different formats. there is going to be a report in a Word format, in Pages format. And then there will be a report sample, which is basically a PDF format. So you can see how it looks like. Now, you don't have to use that PDF at all. What do you have to do though, is use either Word document, which is if you are using, you know, Windows machine, or you can use Pages if you are using some Mac computers, right? So I'm using Mac. So I'm going to open this pages report here. So this is the report that will be giveaway for this business. And it's already all organized and there's not much you need to do except is changing these links because these obviously are not your affiliate links. You want to use your affiliate links here. So when people click on these links, when they buy something, you actually make money, right? So in order to do that, we want to go to ClickBank and we want to find that offer that we are promoting. So it was in self it was under marriage and relationships and the offer was called his secret obsession so you want to click on the button promote you want to type in your account ID right and you want to type in something like a report for example this way you will know that for example a particular sale that you'll see in your Clickbank account you'll know that it comes from the report you want to click generate the link and you want to click copy that link, right? You want to close it, go back to your website here, go inside of the redirect pages and simply create a redirect page, okay? So open the redirect page, copy and paste that link, call it what it was called. It was called, let me just copy this from here. So his secret obsession and we are going to call this report redirect. Okay so here we are going to call it video free video presentation. Okay that's how we will call it and you'll click Save. Okay so now you have this URL and also I'm going to open the recording file which I have here. So I want to save these things right here. So if we talk about the giveaway I want to create a section here so a report redirect and we are going to just copy this URL and paste it in here so we know this is the one And now what we want to do we want to go inside of the report itself and simply change these links So you click on a link click add it and simply change it replace that link with this new link that you just created So with this link and do this on every single page, just scroll down, click add it and change it. So do this for every single link in this report. and once you are ready, you can save the report and then you can export that report into the PDF format, right? So you can select export and here, at least on Mac, it provides a bunch of different formats. You want to select PDF, you want to click next and you want to save it on your computer, right? So that's how you want to do it. And let me now do all this on the background and then I'll come back and show you the next steps. All right, so now I have saved the report. So this is my report now. And the next step that we want to do, we want to go to the website settings now. We want to go to the source hosting here. And we want to create a new folder called, for example, free, right? Or downloads, right? Let's call it downloads. Click create. And now inside of that folder, what we want to do is we simply want to drag and drop that report, that PDF that you created. ok you simply want to drag and drop it inside there ok and as you can see now the upload has been completed we can copy the URL we can go back to our document here and we can name it here report download file ok copy and paste so this is my file now And I going to use this file later on when we will set up the giveaway funnel. Now, since we are right now inside of the source hosting, then obviously we can do another thing. And that's what I want to show you right now. All right. So the next step that you want to do is you want to download the second file below this video and there you are going to see the sources for your hybrid website. And since we are inside of the source hosting right now, you simply want to upload those sources here. Now, the key thing that I want to mention is make sure that you are not inside of the downloads folder when you do the upload. So make sure you are on the root here, just click on this dash right here. and then what you want to do you want to simply take the file which is img file drag and drop it here and that will upload all the resources that you need for this particular hybrid website so now as you can see it has been uploaded now i don't know why but my mac generates this additional file so you want to simply delete that item and all you have to have here right now is just two So the downloads folder and IMG folder, which contains all of the images that you will need for the business. You can also enable the caching here if it's not enabled. And now you are pretty much good to go. You have all the sources for the website uploaded. So everything is done. You have the report here. You have the sources. You are ready for the next step.