 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, we are going to talk about the quiz offer. So how to customize and set up quiz thank you page. And quiz is going to be one big part of how you will make affiliate commissions. And when people fill out the quiz on your main landing page, which we will be setting up later on, they will be redirected to the thank you page where they will be able to choose the offer. And that's what we will be setting up in this video. So all you have to do is really follow along. And then by the end of the kind of the setup, you will have a fully functional hybrid site. So let's dive into this. So below this video, you are going to find a download file. And when you will download and unzip that file, you'll find inside all of these different pages, right? These are all the pages that we will set up for the hybrid website. And I will have tutorial about each and every one of these pages. And in this video, we are going to talk about this last step page, right? So this first page that you see here in the folder. Now, before we start to mess around with that, what we need to do is we need to get links for all four offers that we will be promoting with this hybrid business. Remember in the offer video, we talked about these offers. I shared with you the links with these offers. And so what we need to do now is essentially the same thing that we did for Cinderella solutions for the report. So we need to find affiliate links and we need to turn those affiliate links to respective short links. Right. So let's do this step by step. So we want to go back to the marketplace on ClickBank and we just want to search for respective offers. So I'm going to type in, you know, the offer name. And as you can see, it comes up right here. And what we want to do, we want to click promote. It's going to open this box as usual. We type in our ID. So in this case, I'm having this one. And what are we going to do for a tracking? We want to say this is quiz or quiz TY, right? Or yeah, TY. So quiz TY, that means a quiz thank you page, right? So we click generate link and we copy that link, right? Then I going to paste it right here as you can see right So now let close it and let take the next one So the offer is research Let find that one Here it is again, the same thing, the same drill. Now I'm going to take the same sort of TID, generate the link, hop, copy and paste it here. Then for Cinderella solution, the same thing. Again, we just type that in, search it here and click promote. Again, the same thing right here. So it's all the same. It's very straightforward and simple. No big deal here at all. And then finally we have CarboFix and let's just type that in here as well, right? So here it is, the same way, promote, again, quiz TY and that's it. So now we have all four links and the next step that we need to do is again, we need to create a redirect. So we go in here and we have the first redirect here and we just wanna create the next one, right? And let's just call it like this. And this is going to be for quiz thank you page, right? We can simply copy this link and you can, for example, type in something like quiz tui i'll call it like this click save copy the link and here is going to be short link that's the one next one exit here click create new one and this is going to be research and again this is for quiz thank you page right and here we are going to say quiz thank you page research and again we just copy and paste the link and you can by the way call it however you want right so this is just my preferences but you can do it however you want to call them, right? And then we have Cinderella Solutions. So let's just create that one. Again, the same thing. So we are going to just copy the link and then you will perfectly know from where the sales are coming from, right? So you will perfectly know which part is generating the most sales And then you can always adjust So when you start to see where the sales are coming from you will be able to adjust And this is what this is for right So the final one, we have CarboFix, right? And again, this is a quiz. Thank you, page. And again, we copy and paste the link, right? Click save, copy. and we have it in place. So short link is here. Perfect. So now we have prepared all the links, which is what we need. And we are literally ready to create a page. So what do you want to do is you want to go to custom pages. You're going to click add new page. And now you simply want to drag and drop this last step page in this box. So just drag and drop it in the last step and it's going to automatically open everything for you. Now, later on, you can obviously customize, you know, the SEO details. You can create your OG image. One thing, though, I suggest to put this on no index, no follow right away because this is a hidden page, right? But, you know, and you can also, for example, copy and paste the same OG title if you want to. But generally, that's not important. Just click save and now you have the page created, right? Now here, what is important, you can adjust here, for example, just to be this kind of permalink to be last step only. So you don't need sort of that long one. And now what you need to do is you need to actually edit the page. And for that, we are going to use the inline editor. So you go inside of the inline editor and this is where you will see how the page actually looks like. So this is the page and these are all the offers and this is what we are going to customize right now. So the first thing, you want to adjust the logo, just hit on this button right there. And here you can literally just upload your logo that you have created, right? So let's just do this right now. So I'm dragging and dropping the logo here. And as you can see, it's right now uploaded. I click apply and now I have my beautiful logo right there. the next thing you want to do is you want to now adjust these buttons right so here you can see that it's kind of redirecting there so you can really adjust that link in that way here you want to click on this one click edit the link and now replace the link that you see there with the short link for the respective offer You see we have this like benefit burn belly fat and so you want to take this link and just add it here like that. Click apply and that's it and it will you know reload the page and it will look like this. Next one we have the the second one we have regain energy right so click on that it's going to open up the box right now click on this click edit and again let's go back and let's grab that resurge link and you want to replace it right here click apply and that's done the same on this one all right so this is cinderella solution so let's just grab the link all right click apply perfect and then finally this one and for that one we will have this short link the final short link right and we click apply right so now we have changed all of those links and there are a couple of more things left to do so first you want to change that text here so when i just click inside here click this edit button and it will open all of this for you so here you can just type in your domain and in my case I'll just copy and paste it and let me just prepare it like this so lifestyle flavor.com right so we want to change that like this so this is how it will look like then for these links let me just kind of click apply this it will change that and for links we want to go separately so I'm going to change the links separately so terms we have here the links remember we created them before. So we have the link here, you know, click apply. Then we have privacy. Again, link is here. And let's look at the privacy and disclaimer, the same thing. Let's grab the link and click apply. And we should have everything ready. Now we click save. And as you will save it, it's going to exit this inline editor. You want to exit this as well. you want to enable it and you can now preview this on your domain and let's check whether everything is correct. So if we click on terms, they are going to terms and conditions, which is good. If we click on this burn belly fat, it's going to open that window. And let's  Let's check whether it redirects us where we want it to be. So let's click on this. And it actually redirects to flatvalleytonic.com, which is what we want. So if we go back, click on regain energy. The same thing, like check everything. Always check everything, right? You want to make sure that everything is correct. And I can see already that this link is correct. Let's refresh. This one, it's all good. And then the final one, it's going to be all good as well. So I can see that it's all good, right? so you want to check all of this and right now that's pretty much all you had to do here so you can just copy this url and save it somewhere so let's scroll down here on my notes i'm going to just create um you know details here so this is going to be my quiz thank you page and i'm just going to copy and paste this because i will need this later with the next videos so that's pretty much it. That's how you set up a quiz thank you page, quiz offer thank you page. And this is what's going to make you, I believe, the most money because after people complete the quiz, this is where they have the choice between all these benefits, which one they want the most. And based on that, they are going to be redirected to the respective offer that if they buy, you will make some healthy commissions. So that's it for this video.