 Hi, this is Peter Goury with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to talk about store lists. So what kind of email lists you need for your hybrid store and how to set them up. So right now I'm on my store dashboard here, and as you will start to sell products from your store, you will obviously have an opportunity to add them to your email list. And in fact, there is two email lists that you need to build. So the first email list is your prospect's email list. And this is located right here under integrations. So when you integrate your GetResponse account, you'll be able to pull up all the lists that you have and assign the prospect's list. so that when people try to check out but they don't buy from your store, you get them added to your autoresponder email list. And why this is important? It's important because you can then send them emails to promote products from your store and to promote affiliate offers as well. So let's set this up inside of the autoresponder. So the first thing you want to do, you want to go inside of your autoresponder, you want to go to the lists and you want to create a new list here, right? Now, what do you want to do? Essentially, you want to copy the settings from the list that you built before. But so let's call it a lifestyle prospects, okay? And we are going to clone the settings from lifestyle report. So the majority of the settings are automatic. So let's just create that. And let's just check the settings here. Let's see what Git response actually is cloning. So lifestyle prospects, we are going to replace this with lifestyle store prospects. Right. Then as you can see, we have all the addresses there, which is great. So we can save that. And then in confirmation message, we do have the lifestyle store right away, which is absolutely great Now in terms of subscription you definitely don want to have double opt or anything like that You don need that So all of these are disabled and that how you want to leave them Right So now when you have created this list what you can do you can refresh this page. So inside of the store settings, go to integrations, pull up the responder here, and now you should be able to find this lifestyle prospects list or whatever the list you have, right? Now, there is option to also enable the permissions box. You don't want to do that. You want to add people automatically to your email list. And if they are not happy, they can always unsubscribe. So don't get paranoid about all the permission things and things like that. Because right now you will have a small, relatively small store, relatively small affiliate business. So you don't have to worry about being, you know, too kind of polite or too kind of compliant, right? So click save changes. But obviously if you want to be, you can absolutely do that. But obviously what I can tell you right away, you'll get less people on your email list. And obviously less people on the email list is less money for you, right? That's it. That's just the numbers game. So this is the first list that you want to build, right? But there is another list. There is a customer list when they buy your products. And so what do you want to do now? You want to go inside of your author responder again, and you want to create another list, which is going to be called Lifestyle Customers. Okay. Again, you want to copy everything from this case, Lifestyle Prospects. Click Create a List. And here you can also do some settings. For example, you can just say Lifestyle Store Customers. Okay. Click Save Settings. And now when you have done that, what you can do, you can go and edit the product. Scroll down and here you see assign customers to author responder lists So you want to select the list here which is going to be a lifestyle customers I think you don see this report prospects Let's see lifestyle prospects. We need to refresh the integration here first. So let me just go back And I think what we need to do is leave this. And let's try through here because it's not fetching the customer list properly. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to go back to integrations. I'm going to... I see this customers here, so it's all fine. So let's go back now to the products dashboard. We should be able to see them, okay? So let's click Add to Product. And let's type in Lifestyle. And as you can see, there are customers lists right now, right? I don't know why they didn't refresh right away, but that's a minor thing. Now, here you can assign customers to the author responder list and then also remove customers from author responder list. And in this case, you want to remove them from the lifestyle prospect list, right? So this is going to be automatic. And why this is important? It's important because someone tries to check out through your store. So they are automatically added to the prospect list. But if they finish the checkout, you want to remove them from the prospect list and just keep them in the customer list. And this is an automation that is automatic thanks to the Dashnix PowerTag store builder. So you don't have to set up any other automations or anything like that. It will just work out of the gate, right? And you then click save. And now you will have a sort of prospect list saved for the product. You need to do this for every single product. And later on, you'll be able to repeat this automatically as you will create new products. So because we obviously created the product before, we need to now go back. And that's just kind of the minor thing, since we have not that many products in here, right? So let just do this change real quick right And go back save go back to product And now we have the final product which is the bracelet Here, by the way, is a mistake. Let's use capital letters there. So, customers and lifestyle prospects, And as I mentioned before, your email list is the most important asset for your business. So now your store is going to be building an email list and your website is going to be building an email list. And by the way, when it comes to your store, just as we are on this topic here, you can also add a link to your website here, right? So we go to the appearance here. so I don't have to sort of create a separate video. We can go to menus and we can add, for example, free report, free giveaway, for example, right? And then if we go to our file here, we can find where we had the giveaway, right? So let's just find that. Delivery page. Here's the giveaway page, right? And we can click add. Save. Now, obviously, you want to move it somewhere after the home. Contact about. Order status and home. These are enabled. And so now if we click on this, you'll see free giveaway right here. and it links to your free giveaway on this page. And then this page links back through the banner, links back to your store, which is pretty cool, right? So this is how we optimize everything. You know, we optimize every single step. So in this case, you have two lists that are going to build email lists for you. And you also have the link now between the store and the website. So you can kind of move people around and always maximize on every single visitor. So that's it when it comes to your store lists.