 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to set up the EasyOptins opt-in form for your hybrid business. So let's dive in. All right, so right now I'm here on the command hub and you wanna locate this place called EasyOptins. And if you have not activated the system yet, just click the activate a button and it will activate this system. And once you have done that, the next step you can take is you can click this add form. And here you'll have two choices. So opt-in form or contact form. In this case, you want to choose opt-in form and you want to click proceed. Now here, you'll be presented with all the options. And so you need to go through all of these steps in order to get the form ready. Now, in order to simplify this process, I have created a file for you, which you will be able to locate under this video. So make sure you download that file, get it ready. And in that file, you'll have all the information you need in order to follow along this video and set up this easy opt-in form. So let's begin. So the first step we need is to provide some kind of internal name. So I'm going to call this main landing page form, right? Free, so this is going to be free report giveaway from the main landing page, right? And the reason why I do this is because we have, in this particular business, we have two pages. So we will have the main landing page, So the hybrid page, and then we have a specific, you know, giveaway page. So we want to separate these forms. So we will be creating two forms, which I'm going to show you right in this video. So this is main landing page form, free report giveaway from the main landing page. And I'm selecting this first template, use this template, and you have done the first step. The next step is data collection. Now for data collection, you just want to use, you just want to use email. And the reason for this is because you really don't need a name in order to build an email list and make money with it, which is why you don't want to ask for information that's not necessary for you. So you only want to ask for information that you really will use and that is important to you in order to achieve your objective. Because the more you ask from people, the less likely they are going to give it to you, which is why you want to make it simple and easy. Just email. That it So we are done with data collection here The next step is customization and this is the first step where you need to use this file that we provide for you so the first one is the form background color and this is this white background and we are going to leave it as it is it looks pretty okay the next one is backdrop and for that we are going to be using a different background color. So let's just select it like this. So as you can see, it's this light green color. Then we want to copy and paste this title, right? So here's the title. Here we want to select Roboto. So that's the preferred font. Then size is 22, as you can see here. And then color, we want to use this one, right? So this is how it will look like on the mobile phone on the form. All right. So the next step, we have content before the opt-in box. This is optional, but in your case, this is not optional. So we want to click add editor. And here, what do we want to do? We want to select more options. And here we want to select code view. And then you want to go back and you simply want to take this entire text and copy and paste it in here. Right. And then you close the code view. And as you can see, it's already prepared. it's already kind of there are bulk places already in place so you don't have to do anything there the only thing you want is select this entire text and change the font family to match everything else on the page and also change the size to maybe 18 to make it bigger so it's easier to see right so that's done the next step is you want to update the cover image so you want to delete this one the sample image and when it comes to the cover image you want to go back to the video where we gave you the free report the giveaway report and in that file you probably have the cover image as well if you can't locate it there you'll find it under the source files so either in one of those places check it out you'll find a cover image and when you locate that cover image you want to simply drag and drop it right in here. So it gets uploaded and it will show up. As you can see here, this is showing up right here, right? So let's move forward. The next one is Cover Image Redirect URL and it says optional So here what it about Essentially this is a link which will be added under this cover image And, you know, what happens right now, if someone will click on this cover image, most likely, you know, it will open in a new window, just an image and that's it, right? But if you add a link here, you can actually redirect people to your desired place. And your desired place is obviously the product that you promote. now there is one exclusion if you will when you absolutely don't need don't need to use this option or you must not use it right and that's if you are using the paid traffic from places like facebook or google because if facebook or google will discover affiliate links on your landing page you'll be in trouble so you don't want to have those links right here but if you are not driving traffic from Facebook or Google and specifically paid traffic, you know, you can do free traffic as much as you want. It's all about the paid traffic. Then you can use the link. And what kind of link you would use, you would actually use the short link, for example, like this one, which we have created here. So this is the short link that we created for report, right and we also have a bunch of different short links that comes for the quiz that we set it up you know and so on and so forth right but essentially you want to locate that link so I will use this short link that we had in the report and I'm just going to copy and paste it right and if you want you can also create a dedicated link just for this that way you will be able to track if this actually gets you sales or not, right? So just remember what this is about and it really doesn't matter which link you pick, right? So you can, for example, you can go to Cinderella Solutions page, create a brand new dedicated link and then create a short link and then place it here, right? But in my case, I think I don't have a separate link here. Let me see, maybe I have, maybe I don't. So let's say it looks like I don't have a separate redirect link. So I'm just going to use this as a sample for you so that you know, you know, you have that setup, right? But in general you can create a different link here right So let move forward The next one we have is the button and so for the button we want to use the text like this okay so like the font the same so like the size let's let's take a look here so you can see the button so this is the button let's see maybe we put 18 something like that now for button color I have picked a different one here so let's put this blue one right so we have that button covered as well. Now the next step is this decline link and here you have three options. So first is none and as you can see that no thank you link disappeared. Next one is close and what that means is that if someone will click on this no thank you link it will simply close the pop-up right and you can obviously adjust the font size here and everything else. And then you have that the third option, which is redirect, and this is pretty powerful. And when it's redirect, so if someone clicks no thank you, you can actually copy and paste the same link that you had here for the cover image. And this way, if someone clicks on that no thank you link, they will be redirected to the offer page that you are promoting. But again, if you are using Facebook paid traffic or Google paid traffic, don't use this, you'll have trouble, right? So in that case, you can just use close and that's about it. But if you are not driving traffic from Facebook and Google, so paid traffic, paid ads, then you can absolutely use this because in the end of the day, you wanna get more eyeballs for the offer because the more you will get people to see the offer through your affiliate link, the greater the chance for you to get the sale. And of course, everything is a numbers game. So the more people you show it to you, the more money you will make. That's as simple as that, right? So now we have done that. The next one is confirmation. And confirmation is straightforward. We select the URL. We go to our files here. So in our file, we have somewhere our giveaway upsell page. So we will grab this giveaway upsell page. That is our thank you page. So when someone opt-ins, we want to redirect them to the thank you page right away. And that's what this feature will do. All right, so we are done with that. The final step is publishing. Now in publishing, the first one is select the autoresponder. And if you have not integrated your GetResponse account yet,  with the Dash Next PowerTag website builder in this case, then you need to go to the integrations here at the top and do the integration first. And then you can come back, select this autoresponder, select get response here, and then select the list. So let me find my list here. So here is my list, lifestyle report. And I also can add, for example, this is lifestyle flavor. So I'm going to add a tag. And tag is very important because if you are tagging, you know, if you later want to build sophisticated automations using the GetResponse automation features, then tagging is very powerful. It will help you to do that effectively, right? So you can add a tag here as well. And after you have done all that, you can just, you know, press this publish button, click save, and now you'll have your pop-up ready. So this is how it will look like on the desktop, right? So you have, you know, your title at the top, you have your text in the middle, you have your cover image with the clickable image, which will take people to the affiliate offer. Then we have the email, then send me the report, no thank you link, the same for iPads and stuff like that. And then, you know, we have also for the phone, just like that. So that's pretty much it. We have done the first four, right? So now we have the main landing page form. What we want to do, we want to create the form also for our giveaway page. And so for our giveaway page we want to simply clone this form by pressing the button Go edit it Now we are going to replace so this is going to be giveaway page 4 right free report giveaway so this is going to be for dedicated giveaway report report giveaway page alright so we update this information we go here at the bottom you know again everything else stays the same so you don't need to do any customizations here publishing everything stays the same so get response the same list and here you can maybe add for example giveaway right and then click publish click save right click exit and now you have these two forms created and this is going to allow you to understand which of these pages are more effective with your marketing. Is it this main lending page that you will set up or is this dedicated giveaway page? But end of the day, regardless of which of these two forms they are using, you know, they will be added to the same list to your GetResponse account, which is cool because you can then set up a single follow-up sequence and things like that. You don't have to kind of have two separate lists, two follow-up sequences and so on and so forward. But here you'll be able to see which of these are more effective with your particular marketing. So that's it when it comes to the easy opt-ins, opt-in forms. And now we will move to the completion of the page setups in the next videos.