 Hey, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to talk about money machines. So how to turn your hybrid setup to a money-making machine. Right now you have the first website done, you have the first hybrid site done, and it's time to review what you have achieved. So here's the overview of your setup. So number one, you have a high-value domain, And this establishes your base value of the business so that traffic and results that you will get can be just added to that, right? So on top of it. And this is super important. You'll learn how to do it. You'll learn how to pick the right kind of domains to make sure that when you do this work, when you complete this work, your business is worth something right out of the gate. And that's very, very important. You have a lucrative affiliate quiz funnel with four high converting affiliate offers from ClickBank. They are stacked in a proper way so that you can really maximize results from every single entrant that goes through the quiz funnel. Very powerful. Again, it's an extra leverage point in order to get that sale, right? You have a powerful list building funnel with an instant email follow-up sequence. And that's just another element in this whole puzzle to make sure that you can drop people on your website from anywhere online in any way possible. And they will get through one way or another and will make you money. And that's what hybrid business is all about, right? You also have a dropshipping store with three hand-picked and optimized product offers plus product reviews, which are super, super powerful. I hand-picked these products myself. They are super relevant to the niche. They are talking directly to the audience of your niche. We have the reviews in place, and this is powerful. And I also showed you how to optimize reviews to make sure you can make the most out of it. And you have everything hooked up together under a single brand so that you can really go out and start to promote. So let's just quickly review all the pages. Let just review all the setups All right so here is my brand that I created along with you and this is my landing page And as I mentioned before the reason why we created this kind of long landing page is because we stack the articles, multiple articles on a single page so that it creates that infinitive or infinite scrolling pattern when someone visits your website from mobile device, because that's what most likely is going to happen, right? And the way how you can expand this, you can always just copy and paste and add another article if you want to, to make it even longer. So you can, for example, create an article and add another one and another one and another one. And ultimately you can have, for example, 10 articles stacked together and that's perfect because people would just be scrolling, scrolling, scrolling without reloading the page, which is what you want. You don't want people to navigate away from your page. You want them to stay on the same page. Pay attention to the banners that you have. Pay attention to the quizzes that you have and all of those things, right? Now, also, as I mentioned already, you know, banners, we created the banners for you. And also there inside, there are ability for you to swap the banners and just change them. You know, you can put, you know, promotion for other products and link to the other products. You can absolutely do that. And then also you have, you know, this on top of the quiz funnel, you also have, you know, this free report giveaway where you can just, you know, start to collect email addresses. And that's powerful. Now, if you look at the funnel, so this is the page that people will see when they finish the quiz with four lucrative offers on ClickBank. And when people buy these offers, you know, you will be making commissions, which is super powerful. And that's what you want. Then we have, you know, the landing page for the giveaway report. So you can send people to the giveaway report from anywhere online and get them on your email list or get them to click the banners. And again, either get to the store or get on your email list. So one way or another, you can promote it. Then we have the thank you page. And I'm just showing you the thank you page right now because it's obviously 15 seconds set. So we have the landing page that automatically redirects people to the offer on ClickBank, again increasing your chances to make money And then we have the download page with the video again with the thumbnail there which is kind of you know a thumbnail that really creates the curiosity and kind of, you can't really, you know, hold off. You want to click on it. So that's the intention. And obviously the report itself with links and everything else. And then finally we have the store, which is fully configured. You know, we have all the products there. We have reviews. I have removed the reviews here, but you know that they are there. You can upload them, customize them, add them. You know, you can create private pages inside of the Dash Next documentation. There's a lot about the product pages and you can learn a lot there, how to customize and create them even further. But these are good to go, good to promote out of the gate, and they will convert because they are optimized properly for the audience. All right, so the question right now is how you can turn this setup that you have to real revenue. I mean, that should be your next question after you have completed the setup, right? And you have really done everything. There's nothing more that you need to do, right? And so the first thing that you need to do really is create social profiles for your brand. So set up a Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and Twitter page and YouTube channel. Just get them done, make sure you customize them so they look professional, like a real brand, right? So use your icon, use your, wherever there is a cover image or some things like that, Just set all those things up so that they are looking professional like a real business, right? That's very important. Then the next step that you want to do right away is schedule daily image or short video posts to build some initial engagement. You can post them across all your platforms. Not much thinking into it. You know, those videos also can be, you know, 15 to 30 seconds. Just a couple of images stick together. Some motivation videos. some lifestyle videos, something that gets people, you know, in a good mood and just, you know, kind of gets your business attention, right? And that's very important. The tip here is use high quality 600 by 600 image with quotes or text something that your target audience might like And also if you creating a video post you can stack for example four or five images together and create a slideshow with some quotes and that's good enough. Don't spend too much time on this. If you need help, you can find that help on, let's say on Fiverr, for example, you can go to Fiverr and get someone to create your whole social media sort of posts, schedule and things like that. Or you can go to canvas.com and do it yourself, right? So I mean, you have to do it either one way or another, but you can get it done easily. It's not a big deal, right? The next step is you want to create a dedicated Facebook ad account. So use your Facebook business manager to create a new Facebook ads account for this hybrid business specifically, create Facebook Pixel and install it on both your website and your store. And again, this should be specific for this business. This shouldn't be a Facebook account that you are using for some other stores or other businesses that you have. This should be a dedicated for this one particular business, right? And then once you create that ad account, you want to warm it up. You definitely want to warm it up. And the way how you do it, you create an engagement ad. Just don't promote your hybrid business yet. Don't mention anything about the business. Just run $3 to $5 per day for five to seven days to a video or engaging image on your Facebook page. That's it. You want to spend about $25 to $30. You want to get Facebook to charge your debit card or credit card once for that ad account before you start to promote something, right? So that's kind of important. And then that's where we will sort of start to get into this real strategy where we are now driving traffic for profits, okay? So the way how you can do this in a very cost-effective way is you want to create a highly engaging video. So use the content arbitrage method that I shared with you to create one high-quality video per week and publish it on all your social media sites, right? So really think through it, figure out what is the trend, what people talk about today, what is fun, what is engaging, what would people watch, what would people share and create a video like that, right? Promote that video with a video views ad. You need a very little budget for that, maybe three to $10 per day max. Since  these videos will go viral, right? So people will share them, people will comment, people will like, there will be a lot of engagement and that's exactly what you want. You want engagement from this, right? You don't want to actually make money from this. I mean, you want to make money from this, but that's not your objective. Your objective is to engage people and to share it. But still, you want to make sure that you are in accordance to the Facebook terms and conditions. So make sure you read that as well. I'll include the link below. Make sure you read that. It's important. But because you will be running this with a very little budget, there will never be a problem for you since you will not be running large budgets or anything like that, right? So just create really high quality, engaging video, and that will solve the problem. In the description, you can include a link to the article, the main landing page of your website. Just remember, as I mentioned somewhere in the training. Don't ever use the raw domain. So your root of the domain, use the actual article URL that you created, right? So there was some kind of normal obesity or whatever it was. I don't remember anymore, but there was the permalink at the end of your domain. And so you want to use that, okay? And then create custom audiences with people who watched your video and who visited your website and or store And you can separate all of them right You can create one audience one custom audience for people who watched your video As I mentioned in the content arbitrage method through play is your objective. And also then 50 or 75% watchers are the most kind of engaging ones. And then also you can separate people who visited your website and who visited your store with those audiences, right? And then once you have done that and you start to run this, it really builds like a snowball effect because now you can create focus through targeting campaigns. So you can create a conversion ad for one product on your store. Just focus on one product at a time. Don't try to create ads for all your products. Don't try to scale it. Don't try to rush it. You will hit the wall, right? I can guarantee you that almost instantly, right? If you try to rush it, you will not create a money machine that will make you money every single day, you'll just run into the problem, right? So focus on one product, create an ad for that one product, launch it with at least $5 per day budget, right? But not big, you know, $5, $10 max, no need more, and send traffic to that product page on your dropshipping store, right? Now keep the ads running all the time as it will get better and better as your audiences will grow, right? And what's important here is super important. Just want to kind of mention, which I have not mentioned here on the screen, is that with your ad you are targeting people who are in those audiences that you created right So those audiences that are video views that are website visitors that are store visitors you want to retarget those people, okay? So you're not just trying to retarget everybody on Facebook. You're very focused on those segments only, okay? And then you want to repeat this process again and again every week. So continue to publish daily posts across all your social channels, right? So you can grow your brand, create a new video using the CAM training, which is content arbitrage method training. It's very powerful. It's very simple, but very powerful. Promote your new video with a new Facebook engagement ad, retarget the audience with product ads and, you know, stack the product offers, create ads for each product on your store and show those product ads to audiences from all your videos. And that's something you will do later in a couple of weeks from now, right? But this is the process how you can turn this setup to an incredible moneymaker on top of the fact that the hybrid business on its own is valuable already, okay? And so that's pretty much all you have to do, you know? So all you have to do right now is just take action and make money. If you will execute these steps if you will execute this process you have everything to start to make per day or even more And as you will get to that point where you are starting to make per day whether it through ClickBank commissions or through dropshipping product sales that when your store becomes 10 times 20 times valuable And what I mean by store, I mean the hybrid side altogether. And that's when you can start to sell it for $5,000 or $10,000 and it's just the perfect, perfect business model. right? So that's it pretty much. Just make sure you take action. Make sure you execute these steps. Watch this video over and over again. Write down all the steps and start to get going and start to make money. And if you want to join, you can join. And if you want to interact with me and ask me questions, then you can join the Zoom room. I will include the link below this video where you can sign up for the Zoom room where every week I do a live training. So you can ask me questions live and it's really a Q&A and I'll answer questions about hybrid businesses, about dropshipping businesses, about anything you need in order to take this whole business to a real serious money making business, right? So that's it for today for this business. Number one, set the process up. It's just a one-time setup. And then you just feed the content in and it will work like well-oiled machine. That's it for this video. This is Peter Giorgi. I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.