 Hi, this is Peter Giorgi with the Side Merchant Program, and I'm super excited to introduce to you with offers for side merchant business number two. This is one of the big businesses again, because it's one of those niches that are evergreen, and it's a relationship niche. And this is the beauty of the side merchant businesses that you can set them up today, and they are going to work for you for months and years to come because relationships never get old. People have had problems with relationships and they will continue to have problems with that for foreseeable future for sure. And I don't know what's going to happen after 30 years, but as far as I can see, it's an evergreen niche where you can start to make money today and continue to make money for years to come. So let's dive in and let's see the offers for this particular niche. As always, we start with the ClickBank. We start with the primary digital offer. And in this case, what we want to do, we want to scroll through the categories here and we want to go to, I think it was self-help niche here under the self-help category. And if you go to marriage and relationships and you scroll to the very top, you're going to find this business called or this offer called His Secret Obsession. This is a very, very powerful offer. It has been running for a number of years now and it just converts like crazy. You know, people are absolutely buying this offer all the time because it's that good. Like it's really, really powerful, And so what I want to do right now is really just take you to the affiliate area here. And I have included all the links at the bottom so you can learn more about the offer itself. You can see what it's about. You can also see the funnel behind this offer, which is why you can see here it's $51.91 per sale on average. So there a lot of things inside here which is a great way how to maximize revenue from the traffic And this is also a very good company Like the guy here the Jordan Hall he a top top copywriter on the planet He really really good, really good guy as well. And so this is something where you can just build around and you can rely that this offer is going to produce results. Now, there are other offers in the niche. And that's the beauty of it. Because as soon as you will start to build the email list in this particular niche, there are just lots of lots of top selling offers that you can sell and make money with, right? I mean, there are offers, you know, like this one, for example, attract men, woman, get your ex back type of product, like $116 per sale. You know, the ex factor, this has been going for, I don't know how many years, like lots and lots of years. I can remember that, right? Text and chemistry, that's a powerful one as well. This one is done, by the way, by the number one copywriter on the planet, Chris Haddad. There is no better than him, literally, when it comes to copywriting. I learned a lot from him over 12 years ago, or 10 years ago, I actually met him in one of the events. And we spoke a little bit about that. And so very, very powerful niche, very powerful offers. There is something that you'll be able to promote. Our focus will be on his secret obsession, but over time, you'll be able to just flip to any of these. And that's why building an email list is paramount in this niche. It can just serve you well for long term, right? Now, when it comes to physical products, obviously, this is a niche that is a little bit trickier than weight loss. So I actually spent quite a lot of time doing research about women's mental state when they are kind of looking for the second half and have problems in relationship. And so I was reading this article on BuzzFeed, and I was actually researching quite a lot It took me a while to figure out exactly what to put on as a base product that we can start with And so you know just going through this and also looking through some relationship kind of guides and things like that you know, I came to conclusion that there are just a couple of products that we can really take as the primary products, as evergreen products and focus on those. And so the first product is going to be this Bluetooth speaker, which works in the shower or it works in a bath. So one of the kind of elements of women when they are sort of in a relationship crisis or things like that, they like to relax in bath or take a bath or go to shower or something like that. And so having a good sort of, you know, music that they can play makes a lot of sense, right? And so this is perfect. This is perfect one, right? So you can plug that into the shower. You can, you know, use the Bluetooth to connect with your phone and use your favorite playlist. and this is what I actually read, you know, that like here somewhere there was a mention about noise canceling, you know, what was that? Here's the Bluetooth speaker. So that idea came from this one, right? So, you know, as you can see, especially in the hot bath tub, I see a nice playlist and relax. Also, when no one is at home, I like to set the music on max volume and then it's like crazy. So this is kind of the stuff that women do, right? And so that's why I think this product is perfect. Then, you know, I was reading a lot about all kinds of different kind of clothing stuff. And there are just, you know, you can go insane with that. But what I realized is that, you know, quite a lot have suggested that they like to buy a different type of socks. And so I think this one is very simple. also it's a low priced which means that there is a very low resistance for you to get the customer and considering that in relationship niche just like in weight loss you know the value of the customer is insane I mean the things that you can promote afterwards So you know I picked this product and I think this is going to be a good seller as well. And then the third product is this meth for, you know, foot relaxation. And the reason why this came about is because there was somewhere a product, I'll show you in a moment. There was this product, an electric foot massager, you know, like to relax after a day or, you know, when you are in intense stress or things like that. And, you know, especially right now when a lot of people are locked at home, you know, and there's a lot of stress around the life in general. On top of it, you know, if a woman is alone and experience, you know, the relationship crisis or something like that, this is a good supplementing product, right? This is a very good supplementing product. So these three are my picks for this niche. These are going to be configured and ready for you to sell. And they are in different price points, which is cool, giving you, you know, low to high option. And as I mentioned already, the key thing in this particular niche is to build your email list as big as you can, because there's just a variety of products you can promote down the road. And also the expansion of the store is just, there's just so much you can do. I mean, you can take these 37 products from BuzzFeed and there are just tens of different other articles that covers all kinds of different things. So you can take those and just plug those products on top of it down the road and just expand your business. But initially, in order to kick this off, we are taking these three products along with his secret obsession product. And that's a perfect combination for you to start to make money right away and build this side merchant business number two. to a serious, serious moneymaker. So that's it when it comes to the offers, please check below the links, explore these things that I shared with you during this video and let's move to the next step.