 Hi, this is Peter Giorgi and I'm super excited to bring you the side merchant business number one. This is introduction video where I'm going to be sharing with you the offers that we will be promoting with this side merchant business and that we will be setting up for you so that you can start to make money with your online business. Now this one is super exciting. It's a big one. It's a weight loss niche, which is probably the biggest moneymaker there is online. it's an evergreen niche so you can make money with it today tomorrow for years to come because people have struggled with weight and they will continue to struggle with that and so this is a big one right and what we will set up for you is just super super powerful and I really wanted to kind of do the weight loss as the first one because it's it's a it's a big one it's really an easy one to get people to buy and convert so you can start to make money with it ASAP. So let's dive into the offers. I'm going to show you them right now and I'm going to kind of explain to you why I choose these ones and how this all going to work together. All right. So right now I'm inside of the ClickBank marketplace and you are already familiar with it. You probably set up the account with ClickBank already. If you have not done that, make sure you watch the video about ClickBank. You need to have an account with them so that you can start to promote products. And our category here is going to be health and fitness. So if we go to that category, there are a bunch of different products that are basically sorted by their rank right now. So at the moment when I'm recording this video, this Okinawa Flat Valley Tonic is the number one product in the marketplace. It's the biggest moneymaker. And this is actually going to be one of the products that we will promote as well. So let's open that up. Let's take a look at it real quick. Now, this is a video. And as you can see, it's a supplement. and it's a top-selling product right now. And supplements are always kind of a good thing. A lot of people are buying them. And so this is a perfect, perfect offer. And they have a very, very powerful video which is based on all the science and Japanese techniques and all that stuff that is really really appealing when it comes to weight loss And this sales video is the main thing why it selling because the story is compelling. So if you click the link below this video and you go and check it out, you will be able to kind of learn about the story. And I highly recommend you do that because it will help your sort of education in the niche and understand why, for example, one offer is good versus another one, right? Now, that's one of the offers that we will promote. Another offer that we will promote from the same kind of sector is a research. And this is going to be, you know, similar type of offer. Again, this is a supplement offer. and you might think, why would you need to promote two different supplements right away? Now, the reason why we do this is because with this one, with this offer right here, we are going to be kind of focusing on how to burn belly fat. There is a certain terminology in the weight loss niche that these businesses are focusing on. So these products are built around. And so this first one is going to be around burning belly fat. Then this research offer is going to be based on how to regain energy and things like that. And obviously, they have affiliate pages where you can check out all the information. You'll be making 75% commission from this. You can also start to subscribe to their newsletter so you can get some information about these offers. This is a good thing always to keep up and see what they are sending to you. Maybe they give you some extra resources and things like that. So it's always a good thing to do. And so this one is going to be focusing on regaining the energy. So we'll have a process where we will ask people that will visit your website. We will ask you about the main problem they want to focus on. And one of those is going to be, you know, burn belly fat, then, you know, regain energy. And based on their responses, you will be promoting the offer. And obviously promoting multiple offers will increase your chance to actually make more money right Then we will have an offer which is called CarboFix So if we open that up you see they have you know they talk about metabolism In reality what we are going to be focusing on in this one is reactivating the libido. So that's part of this offer as well. There is a great story behind it and they have a video sales letter as well. And it's a good seller. So it's one of the options that we'll promote. As you can see, a bunch of different case studies where women are losing weight. And so this is really cool. It's really, really, really cool, right? So it's again, one of those offers with compelling story. And then the final one, which is going to focus on cellulite, or I don't know how to pronounce it properly. Let me just find where it is. So this is in health and fitness. And then if we go to diets and weight loss specifically, we will find that it's called Cinderella Solutions. So it's kind of similar to the first one, which was the Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic, kind of similar. But in the same time, a little bit different, right? And so, you know, this is, again, great story right there. And, you know, this is going to show, you know, how to get rid of all of that and focus on that. And based on the choices that your visitors are going to make, we will present the offer based on that. And that's why it's really cool. You will see the setup. Once you will set up the business, you'll see how that all works. It makes perfect sense. And so those are going to be the information or digital products that we will promote. And again, if you look at their affiliate pages on all of these, so if we go to Cinderella here, you'll see that they are offering a really nice commissions right here, up to 95% commission, really good. And this offer has been doing really well for quite some time. And they have all the resources and things like that, which can help you as well. And will help you if you will start to focus on this really heavily. So these are the first sort of digital offers that we will promote These are four offers in a single business And I really wanted to make it that way so that it really powerful and you have more chances to make money with all of that But then on top of it, because this is a hybrid business, Side Merchant is a hybrid business, we are going to be building a store where we are going to be promoting a couple of products. And one of those products is this bracelet, which, as you can see here, has a bunch of reviews and a lot of orders right here. And it's about losing weight. And they have a lot of before and after pictures and things like that. So it kind of plays into this idea that you can just buy a product and lose weight. because in reality, if we think about all these information products, if we think about all these stories, then, you know, people that are buying these products, they think that it's a magic, you know, and so you want to have similarly, kind of similar physical products as well that sounds like a magic. Like, for example, you just wear a bracelet and, you know, you're going to be losing weight, you know, and that's such a great idea and very compelling, right? And so that increases the chance for you to make money as well. Another one is this thing, which is, again, it gets a lot of orders. So this is stimulator that you can use right here, as you can see. And again, this is going to be kind of more expensive product. And that's what you want to have. You want to have a product that is a little bit cheaper like this one, like bracelet. And then at the same time, we want to have a product that is more expensive, that increases the average order value and makes the single order bigger so you can make more money. So this is another product. And then the third product is going to be these insoles, which again, is designed for slimming and weight loss and things like that. So again, very powerful messaging here. This is again, a lower priced product and really ties into this idea that you can just buy, you know, these kinds of insoles and literally just slim your weight away, right? And that's the whole idea. That's the whole premise of the offer, right?  And so we will have this beautiful presentation of these products on your website part. And then from the website part, it will drive people to the store where people can buy. And also you can promote your store directly as well afterwards with different traffic generation strategies. So we will talk about all those things throughout the program, about the promotions and stuff like that. as we will have more businesses set up. But these are essentially, in total, you will have seven offers that you are promoting with this one business. You have four information products each with a potential to generate 70% to 95% commission. As you can see, for example, Okinawa flat belly tonic right now is average sale is $126.46, which is pretty, pretty powerful. Then if you look back at the health and fitness general category, research is $110.64 in average dollars. Then they also have some recurring parts into it. And then Cinderella and CarboFix. CarboFix is $116.92 per order. And I think Cinderella was something similar. Let's take a look real quick here. So it's a little bit less. It's $51.92 per order. But All of this mix should create enough money for you from the traffic that you will be getting to your hybrid site. So that's an introduction with the offers. So super excited about the weight loss part. And now it's time to dial in all the other bits and set everything up.