 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to be talking about brand name and domain. So, how to choose a brand name and register a domain name for your side merchant business number two. So, let me show you my methodology so that you can start to explore it and see what you can come up with. Just like always, when we start to think about the brand name and we start to think about the domain name, I always kind of ask myself the question, what is the objective, what I want to do? And in this case, my objective is to drive traffic to this offer and promote it and make money from it. And so the way how I look at this is that I want to study this offer and I want to understand this offer. And, you know, luckily for this one, there is this text presentation version, which I have already opened. And so you can start to read this text right here. And, you know, you can get the same information, obviously, in the video as well. You can read and start to get sort of information and understanding more about this offer and what kind of words and what kind of sort of expressions people use here, right? Now, this is very important because obviously, you know, if you build a brand that doesn't kind of resonate with your target audience, in this case, woman, then it's going to be very hard for you to attract, you know, the right kind of audience. And, you know, also it's very important that you don't sabotage your business just by choosing the wrong domain name. And I have seen this many, many times that, you know, people pick some weird domain names and it kind of doesn't make sense at all. And as a result obviously they can get the trust factor which is essential in order for people to buy from you right Now I will show you a little technique that I use and how I do these things So if you have a text version of something, right, then what you can do, you can copy the link of that text version and go to a tool which is called wordclouds.com. And here you can go and plug that URL in. And what it's going to do, it's going to create this sort of cloud, which looks like this. So you can see, you know, let me just pick some kind of font, which is more readable. But you can start to see what kind of words, you know, people repeat the most. You know, for example, I can instantly see the word signal here, right? Or signals here, right? I can see secret, right? Obviously, woman, That's for sure. You know, but another thing what you can do, you can just click on this word list and you will get all the words here. Right. And you can see based on how often these words have been used. You know, you can see that, for example, word secret has been used 29 times, you know, love 35 times, obviously, you know. And so you can kind of drill this down and look at different words and see, you know, signal here, powerful, instinct, attention. You know, these are all sort of relationship. These are all kind of related words that talks about, you know, that talks about the kind of the messaging that this offer brings, right? And so this is how you can find some words. And then, for example, using the Lean Domain tool, you can plug that in and start to see whether something makes sense So if we take for example Obsession and we plug that in here we can start to see all kinds of different combinations And sometimes you have to spend you know hours on this And to be honest for this particular niche I actually spent hours today to find that domain name, right? I did find it, but it took me many, many kind of takes in order to get it done. So I was kind of spending about an hour on different domains and different sort of names. And then I said to myself, no, you know, I just need to take a break, go away and see, you know, and come back to this later on. And that's what I did. Now, once you find something, obviously, you know, I already demonstrated this to you with the previous business. Definitely use this GoDaddy domain value appraisal tool and see what kind of value comes up, right? Whether the domain you pick actually makes some sense and brings some value to you out of the gate. Because what do you want to do as you build your business? You want to stack the value. You want to get more out of it, right? You don't want to get started with, let's say, $100 as a domain value when you could potentially start with $1,000 or more, right? So you take any kinds of these things and just plug them in into this appraisal tool and see what comes up. Now, the domain that I picked and that I already registered is called yourtriggers.com. If I go to this value tool right now and I look at the value, it's $1,432. Pretty good. Word your is already kind of used keyword. Memorable, right? And you can see that there is some kind of result where a combination between your and some kind of word has been sold before for some pretty good money, right? And so I think this is pretty good. And the word triggers it comes up somewhere I don know It seven times used here word trigger And it kind of trigger is kind of you know something simple You know I would say that in this context of this particular offer, it's about simplicity. Like, yeah, of course, you know, the program actually teaches a woman how to change behavior and change themselves instead of trying to change men, which is the same for men. You know, there are programs that teach men relationship and it's the same thing, right? But in reality, nobody wants to learn anything. So what they want is they want to know these secret triggers that would allow them to suddenly become attractive or whatever, right? And that's why I think, you know, your triggers make sense, you know, how to find your triggers, what are your triggers. So everything around that just makes sense to me at least. And so I registered to domain name. So I went to the Namecheap. I registered the domain name. I also registered an email address. And here I can show you I'm starting this file as usually. So I have, in this case, I used the email help at yourtriggers.com because I kind of thought that support doesn't make sense in this context, in this relationship context. It's more like help, which makes more sense. So that's my email there. And yeah. And so I have the domain name. I have the email address. But as I said, I spent quite some time to figure it out. So I really recommend for you to do the same. Obviously, having a custom domain is a must today. If you want to build a business and make money, you absolutely have to do it. And that's why using this GoDaddy tool, it gives you a guidance of what kind of value you can expect out of the gate and then just build on top of that value, right? So make sure you use these tools. I include the links below this video. Use these tools and make sure to find your domain today.