 Hey, this is Peter Giorgi with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video, we are going to be talking about product reviews, how to optimize product reviews, and how to import them to your hybrid store. So let's dive in. All right, so below this video, you're going to find a file, and each file will contain reviews for the respective product on your hybrid store. But before we import them, or I should say, let's go and import them, And then we will talk about something which is hugely important. But what I would like to suggest to you is don't import them yet. Watch this video and then do that. Okay? So don't import them as I'm doing this right now. Just watch the video first and then go back and import them. Okay? So you go to the product dashboard. You go to product reviews. and all you have to really do here is, you know, click import reviews. You can then simply select the file, for example, this one, drag and drop it, and then you just match the line. So rating, then, you know, author, let's say first name, body, review content, created ad, date and time, and photo URL linked to the image. Okay. Click next. And here you want to select the product. So this is a slimming belt. So we want to, you know, select this one, click done. And now it's going to process all of this and we'll import reviews one by one, right? So it's a very simple and very straightforward process. As it gets done, you'll see all of these reviews showing up here, and then you can just enable them one by one like this, just enable them. And that's it. And for that product you have the reviews in place right and then you just select another file again just drag and drop it select here so very very simple you know first name body created at an image click next select the product so this one was insole so this one click done understand and it's going to again import all the reviews right there okay you can refresh it and it's going to show up one by one so again you can just enable them you know one by one like this and that about it right then the final one again the same process so this case this is bracelets a rating author body created date and time and link to the image click Next product selection bracelet done so super fast super easy we have built this interface as easy as possible and it's really just super super simple okay so let's refresh this let me just enable all of them real quick and then I'll talk about the importance of reviews and how you should be using them okay so now we go back to products and if we open any of the products right now you'll see there's a review showing up so you can see here six reviews showing up here six reviews showing up and the images attached to the reviews so people can preview them. And obviously the same will show up on the mobile device as well, right? So it's kind of perfect, right? So you have the reviews imported, you have different dates for the reviews and things like that. And you have the same for every single product. So if you select the next product, let's say this one, again, you can see the reviews there. For some products, there are more reviews. For some products, there are less reviews. And that's just normal. Okay. Now the question is, how do you really optimize your listing for maximum results? Okay. And this is where, you know, it's super important to understand that reviews are playing a major role in conversions. Okay. So the way how you need to think about is, you know, you need to think about the product and you need to think about the people what is the benefit that they are looking for when they are buying this product. So for example, I like this review a lot. So if you can see this TMS, if your feet hurt from anything, then these insoles are really all you need. They provide a sense of relief and comfort no pair of shoes or socks could ever provide. I can't stop wearing them and my brother wants me to get him a pair too. This is a perfect, perfect review. And so what do you have to do with this kind of review? So let me just go back to the review screen here. So this is the type of review that you want to leverage to the max right So let me just find where is the Timi guy So here the Timi guy okay And here the review itself So what you can do now is you can just copy this review okay? And I'm going to open a text document here just so I can copy and paste it like this, right and so this was by team es okay and so you can copy this and now what you can do is you can go back to your products and this was in sol so we want to edit the product and what you want to do you want to add this review uh somewhere at the top uh of the product description okay so you go for example here you add you add a paragraph code I'm just showing you how to do it so you don't have to figure this out on your own so you can copy and paste the text okay sorry this is the wrong place to do this sorry sorry sorry where I want to do it I want to do it underneath this one so I'm going to copy and paste it right here so and we are going to check if your feet hurt from anything then these installs are really all you need. I'm going to reduce it. I can't stop wearing them all and my brother wants me to get him a pair too. Okay so now what we want to do we want to italicize this. Okay and let's save it and so now as you can see it's a perfect combination for the product page because the first thing that the person sees when they when they come to your page is the review, the most powerful review. They can see that there are like five reviews or whatever, you know, but they can see instantly the top review right there. And typically you will pick this review based on your idea about the main target audience that you are targeting. Okay. So if your main audience for this product is, let's say men who has a feet problems, right, then this is a perfect review for them. And I'm giving you an idea because there are infinite opportunities for you to display different pages with the same product, with different review at the top, and then use that in your marketing, okay? You just have to do that Instead of being lazy you have to just do that actively And you can rotate these and change them every week to make it you know more powerful every single time And just dial in the audience that are visiting your store, okay? The other thing which I want to mention here. So that's the first thing. And you can do this for every single product, right? The second thing which I want to mention is, as you can see right here, we have these dates of the reviews, okay? So we have these dates, like this is when I'm recording this right now. So it's around, you know, end of January, start of February. And what I want to suggest is that you can always adjust these review dates. If you open the spreadsheet that I kind of shared with you, right? If you open it up, so it's going to be open right now. If you go inside here, you know, not only you can go online and find more reviews for this product, but also what you can do is you can change the date here. Okay. So you can, for example, if you start to promote this side merchant business, let's say a few months later, okay, or maybe a year later, it doesn't matter when you watch this because this is evergreen. the people will have the same problems with feed that they have today. They will have the same problems five years from now. So it doesn't really matter. What matters is that you need to show that the purchases and reviews on your site were recent. And so you want to adjust these dates here based on whenever you do this, right? And then import reviews again to the product. So what you would do in this case how you would do this you would go back here to products you would go back to reviews okay and you would let's say you would sort everything by let's say the product name and let's say you know this is bracelet bracelet bracelet and here is our installs reviews so what you would do you would disable reviews okay just like this you would disable them you would delete them, okay? Just clicking delete, delete, delete, delete, and you would import them again with those new dates, okay? And that's all, right? And you would do this for every single product like that. So that's why I'm kind of going to disable all of these right now, right? I don't want to...  kind of have them live there because what I'm going to do when I'm going to promote this business, so when I'm ready to launch either my Facebook engagement campaign or I'm launching my first video or something like that, that's when I'm going to put the reviews. And on top of that, you can always go back and find more reviews or simply write yourself more different reviews with new dates, right? So let's say you set up every week, you create a new kind of line here, in your spreadsheet to basically, you know, to add an additional review, okay? And then obviously, you can, once you will start to sell this, you can incentivize people to, you know, giving them a discount percentage of the next order if they, for example, upload the review with an image, You can say, for example, upload a photo of your product and get 15% off of your next order. Or something like that. Or 25%, for example. That a better one And you click Save And what will happen if they will go now to let say to the store Let me go here for example Let me refresh this real quick And if they click write a review, let's say, I love it. You see, upload a photo of the product and get 25% off of your next order, right? So you incentivize them to actually add more reviews to your product. And this is perfect. And obviously, every single upload will have a pending status, which means that you'll be able to approve it or whatever, right? But they will receive automatic discount for the next order. And that's how you can incentivize people to buy more from your store, right? So these are different little techniques that you really would like to explore and think about when you start to do promotions, right? When you start to actively build promotions. and that's why I left the product reviews more to the end because it's not a general setup of just uploading reviews. It's all about thinking how you can use those reviews to make more money from every single visitor that is hitting your store, all right? So make sure you do this. Make sure you follow this recommendation and you'll have a great success with your store and I'll see you in the next video. Bye for now.