 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to talk about email follow-up. So how to set up email follow-up sequence in your GetResponse account, so that whenever someone signs up with your free giveaway and is added to your email list, you send them out an automatic email sequence, and if they buy, you make commissions. So I'm going to show you everything how to set it up, so that you can have that completely automated, and you can just focus on building your email list. So what you will find below this video is a download file with the email swipes that I have created for you. And inside of these email swipes, you have basically everything prepared for you and you can just follow along this video and set everything up. So there's no much thinking needed from your side. It's just a technical setup. Now, as you can see here, I have created, you know, the short codes and I have added those short codes inside of the email so that you know where you need to place a link and respective link in order to send people to. Right. But let's just gather these links first. And there is one more thing which you need to kind of remember is that for every single link or every single email where we have the offer shortcode, we want to create a different redirect link to the affiliate offer. And the reason for that is because we want to, again, track the results and see which email is generating the most revenue for us, right? So let's just get these links first. And if you remember, I have this recording file and I taught you how to create that file as well as you set everything up. And so here we have the giveaway delivery page, right? So that's the sort of the, you know, the page where, you know, where we send people to the download page, right? So this is a confirmed access page. This is where they can download the report, you know, get to the report, right? But then we have, you know, send directly to the offer shortcode. And here in the follow-up sequence we will have three emails. And that means that we need to create three links right So we have email one email two and email three So these are going to be different links for each of those So let me just set this up real quick here And so in order to set that up we want to go back to ClickBank and we are promoting Cinderella Solutions here. So let's just search for that right here. And as you can see, this is coming up right there. So let's create a link again using the option that ClickBank provides. Let's type in our account ID. And then here we want to type in simply email one, right? We want to generate a hop link, click copy, and then go back here and paste it in, right? And then go back here again, type in two, generate link, copy again, right? And as you can see, they are completely different. So you want to regenerate this every single time. And then three, generate again, copy, and now you can close it. You no longer need it. So you have the third email. Now, obviously inside of the email, you can't just add affiliate links. you need to add short links, right? And this is why custom domain is paramount when it comes to getting emails delivered and things like that. So you want to make sure that you have these short links with your own custom domain. And in order to create them, you just go back to your dashboard, you go to redirect links, and you simply create redirect links, right? So we will call this email one, email one, and we are going to copy this. Let me just edit this here. So this is Cinderella solution, email one, Cinderella solution, right? And we are going to copy the offer link and we can say, for example, Cinderella email one, for example, like that, right? Click save, copy the URL and you have the short link, right? Now let's exit this and let's create a new one. Again the same thing so we are going to say this is email 2 email 2 let copy the Cinderella solution part right Like that and then let copy the Cinderella solution part right like that and then let copy the email itself and then for for the end of the name I'm just going to copy and paste it here so this is going to be two right click Save so now you know that's two and then finally add new page again name email 3 just type in email 3 to be consistent of how we do this right and I'm really teaching you the right way how to do it you know there are obviously you might not be kind of you You might not do all of these things and nothing will be wrong, but just I want to teach you the right way to do it so that you can track results, see what's working, what's not, what needs to change because it will be different for different people. All right? So now we have all these links in place. So we have link number one, link number two, link number three. So we have all of them and this means that we are pretty much ready to go inside of our autoresponder and create the sequence. Now, as you remember, yesterday we created the list. And I also mentioned when it comes to the list itself, I already mentioned to you that you need to confirm your email address, right? So if we go right here and if I go to settings, then if we go to confirmation message, you can see that I have, you know, now I have the lifestyle flavor email added here, right? So this is going to be support. And here is the lifestyle flavor. And then here we already had the Megan Ross thing already added, right? So I have confirmed the email address. So basically how it happens, you set it up under your profile inside of the get response. Then you will be getting this kind of message, which will say, hey, you know, you have requested to add the email address XYZ to your account and you know this is my email under that account and then you basically click the confirm and it will be confirmed and this is the reason why you need custom domain for your emails because then they are going to get delivered if you use some gmails or stuff like that nothing will get delivered and there will be a bunch of problems down the line right So it not worth to save you know on email per month in order to you know increase the kind of failure rate for emails right You want to make sure that emails get delivered, right? Now here, what do you want to do? So you want to go to author responders here, and that will lead you to this screen. And here from the dropdown, you want to select the list that you have created for your giveaway, right? And then inside of that list, you want to just select day zero. And, you know, they have the new email creator. I personally don't use the new email creator. I just like the old one. So I'm going to go with the old one. and here what you need to do is you simply need to add the name of your email right so autoresponder name email number one day zero so here's the day zero and then you select the list and as you can see I have a bunch of different lists here so lifestyle report is my list you want to send the message immediately right and you want to create an email here okay and I know there is like this is this has been redundant for getting response for quite some time so they you need to enter this again and then all you have to do is just copy the subject line I'm going to show you a very simple way how to do this so now we search for our email like that and we want to change both emails here. So this from email and reply to email is the same. In terms of tracking, you want to track click-through rates. You don't need to enable Google Analytics. Even if you set up Google Analytics, you don't have to do it because this is an affiliate link. So there will be no information in Google Analytics from those links and you don't need them. And then you click next step. And here, basically, they are offering a bunch of different templates, right? And a lot of people, the intuition of them is like, let me go with these beautiful templates. But the reality is that you want to start from scratch and you want to go with the video.  very simple blank template. And the reason why is because you want to communicate with people like a friend. You don't want to communicate with people like an organization, okay? And for this reason, you want to use a simple, simple template, right? Because if you think about, do you write emails to your friend with some kind of fancy template? Most likely not, right? And for this reason, you don't want to do that here as well. Now, once you are inside of this creator, all you have to do is drag and drop this text block in there. Next step is you take this entire message, right, that I created, take this entire message, and you paste it in there, right? And then you click a couple of times enter so that it drags down the unsubscribe link. Then what I like to do right away, I like to change the font to, let's say Tahoma, let's say it's 17 pixels or 18 pixels, big and nice, right? Like that. And then here, it's just a basic customization. So for example, send directly to the offer, you can delete the shortcode. And instead, you go back here, you grab the short link, and you can say check out the results in the video here and you can make that a clickable link okay like that and then you can make this bold a little bit for example you'll find the download link below then I like for example add the name of the report I want to italicize that. So let me do this properly here. All right. It's all automatic. It is all, it all becomes, it needs to be, it all becomes automatic. I think there is a mistake, I believe. And then, you know, here is the link to the download page. So So you want to grab that link which you had here, so Confirmed Access, and you just simply want to highlight this and make that clickable link Okay That it right And maybe you can do something more like you can Yeah, but I think there is no need more than two links in the email unless the email is really long. And none of these emails are long because the idea of these emails is to get the click-through rate so people actually go and buy the stuff that you want to sell. You can look at the mobile preview here. Pretty good. It looks good. It looks good here as well. As you can see, nice, beautiful. And this is why I like GetResponse. It's just so, so damn simple, right? And then you can send the test message. Now, before you do that, you can check the spam score. As you can see, it's pretty good. So you can send a test message to your test email, and then you can click the next step. Okay, so here is the day zero, email, click save and publish. Okay, and here I have my test. This is my own email, so I don't want to send it there. And here I have it. Now inside here, if I go inside of my inbox, if I refresh this, as you can see, I have the preview of my email. This is how it will look like here. If I click on the download link, it takes me to the access page here nicely. And if I click on this link, it takes me to the offer page. So you always want to test it to make sure that it actually works. And as you can see, it works nicely. Here's my ClickBank ID. So if someone will buy, I'll get paid. so everything is beautiful right so you have the first email in there now let's go to the day two again let's just create email for the day two right so we say this is day one actually so again we want to select the list create an email the process is going to be the same subject line here lifestyle and reply also will be lifestyle distribution settings only clicks are enabled Click next step Start from scratch One column blank template See, it's super easy, super simple. That's why I love Git response. And I know a lot of people are talking about all kinds of different weird author responders and whatnot. You want to have a solid autoresponder because this is the most important asset that you have for your business. When you build an email list, this is basically all the money, worth all the money for the business, right? If business is worth anything, then that's the size of the list, okay? So again, here, we want to send to the offer number two. So we go and grab this link here. Let's make that link. Learn about it here. Watch the entire video. Let's make that as a link. Okay. Let's delete the shortcode. Then let's delete this shortcode and just watch this one video from A to Z. Let's make that a clickable link. Okay. And then let's do some customization. So I'll make that italicized. Let's make that entire thing bold. If you don't like to suffer, let's make that bold. And that's pretty much it. So now spam score, usual drill, not much in there. the test message again to the same email address, click next. And we have the right list. We have the right timing. Everything is perfect. Click save and publish. Right. And we all have nice and easy email right there. And here, if we refresh it, I have the next email hitting my inbox nicely. right and this is what you want this is exactly what you want okay perfect and if I click on this link it takes me to the Cinderella solutions offer with my affiliate link which is perfect perfect perfect now we are in day two again the same thing the same drill Let scroll down We have the day two email here So let take this name Let take the list here Let create a new email message name subject line is this one and then we have here support lifestyle flavor and lifestyle flavor here as well distribution settings just click throughs nice and easy click Next creating the same from the scratch again text block here and as you can see it's super super simple this is why I love git response it's just amazing in terms of simplicity nothing simpler than this one it doesn't get any easier I think I obviously have not tested all of the autoresponders but in comparison I love this better than for example ActiveCampaign which I'm using because I needed a more sophisticated autoresponder for my main business but for all the affiliate stuff, I still use GetResponse today. So let's take the link. Let's turn it like this here. And again, you know, I have not included the shortcodes in this last one email because I think you are now equipped to figure it out. So all you have to do is basically, you know, just take one line which makes sense and turn it to the link, right? For example, thanks to the metabolism reset, you can make that a link. Or we could have made that a link as well, but it really doesn't matter. So...  let's make that bold couldn't believe my eyes bald and she also got featured on the very website right and that's it again you can check the mobile preview pretty nice you can check the spam score beautiful test the message always test the message make sure it hits your inbox and then click next step all right here is everything good save publish and you have first three days covered basically zero day day one and day two and you can see here we have again it's hitting the inbox properly so everything is working fine. If you check the links, they are working fine. Now, here's the thing. You have the first three days covered and this is the most important time when people subscribe to your email list, right? You'll see in these first three days how much you are converting subscribers to money. And later on, what you can do, you can build an infinite sequence. You know, you can go to every single of the offers here inside of the weight loss like even take those offers that we promoted here if you remember we promoted these Okinawa flat belly tonic we promoted research we promoted CarboFix and there are lots of other weight loss offers that you can simply take their swipes make the modifications a little bit and just stack the whole thing, like 30 days, 60 days, however many days you want. The more, the better. And obviously, as you will grow your email list, this is going to become more and more powerful for you. And this is why setting up a system is such an important thing and such an important step. And obviously the first three days is the most important. This is where the majority of the money is being made. But still later on, once you start to get that, you know, 50, 100, 200 subscribers per day on your email list, start to think about how to expand this to more days, like 30 days follow-up sequence where every single day you're sending some tip, you're sending some giveaway, you're sending some promotion again, and just stack it up so that it becomes an automatic money machine. That's what the autoresponder is all about. That's how people make serious money with affiliate marketing. And now you have the system to do the same. All right? So start to build an email list using that. And these first three emails should make you some money right away. and then later just stack it up, build it further. And we are going to talk about all that also in the later videos when we will finish the setup completely.