 Hi, this is Peter Giorgi with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video we are going to talk about the giveaway report. So part of the entire setup is a giveaway report that will allow you to build your email list. And so in this video, I'm going to show you how to customize links in your giveaway report and how you can upload it to your website. So let's dive in. All right, so below this video, you are going to find and download a file. It's going to be a zip file. And once you will unzip that file, it will contain three documents in it. So the first one is going to be this sample document, which is a simple PDF that will simply show you how this end result of this report looks like, right? So what is the end result that you want to have for your report? So this is the report. It's the same for everyone. So you don't need to kind of play around with it too much or anything like that. Although if you want to, you can obviously come up with your, let's say, pen name, and then you can change, you know, your pen name, whatever. But it's really not that important, you know, whether you do it or not. The key things that we will talk about here is these links, because what you want to have is your own affiliate links into the report, right? And the purpose of this report is nothing more than to sell affiliate offer, nothing more, right? So it's not, you know, highest level scientific research or anything like that. if you try to look into it. It's not about that. It's about how you get people to click these links, go to the actual place and buy the product, buy the real solution, because the real solution is the products that you promote, right? So that's just a sample how it needs to look like at the end, right? But then we have two files here And depending on what kind of operating system you use for your computer whether it Microsoft or whether it you know iOS you can choose either to edit the file which is the Pages file, or you can edit the file, which is the Word file, right? So I'm using Mac, so I'm going to open this Pages file. So it's again, it's the same thing here, right? And what we want to change here is obviously these links, right? You can see here these links and we want to change them. You know, these are my affiliate links here. So we want to switch them to your affiliate links. And the way how you do it is you click below this video and you go to the ClickBank marketplace. Now on the ClickBank marketplace, what do you want to look for is one of the offers that we are promoting with our system, right? And I presented you these offers in the earlier video, so you remember them. And what essentially you want to find for this report is a Cinderella offer, right? You just type in Cinderella and it will come up here. You can see Cinderella Solutions, health and fitness niche, right? And what you need to do here is you simply need to click this promote button. It will open this kind of window. as you can see here. And what you want to do now is you want to type in your nickname. So when you created a ClickBank account, it gave you a nickname or you choose the nickname. I don't remember how it actually worked. And then you can also, for example, add a tracking ID, which is going to be, for example, rep, which means report, right? So that you know that when that sale takes place, you know where it comes from, right? And after that, you can just generate the link. It's going to give you this unique link. You can copy that link. And I use this document as I showed you before So this is going to be my Cinderella Solutions Affiliate link And I just going to paste it in Just so I have this for the reference Now the next step that you want to do is you want to go to your website you want to go to redirect pages, and you want to create a redirect page, right? And it's going to be, again, you will just copy this Cinderella Solutions report link, or you can do the Cinderella Solutions and this is a link in my giveaway report, right? You select without all the scripts and you simply paste that link that you copied from ClickBank as it is like this, right? And you'll see here Cinderella Solutions. Now here, you can actually give it a special name. For example, if you look here in the report, we can say, for example, free fat loss video. I'll call it like that. But you can call it however you want, right? So it doesn't need to be a product name. Just remember that, you know, because nobody cares about the product here. What we care about and what we want to show is what that product does. And so next, you copy the link and you can now kind of go back to your document here and type in short link and just copy and paste it. And now you have this nice, beautiful link with your own domain, which is always better. Like nobody trusts links like these and you can't publish them anywhere online, but people will accept the link like this, right? And so now that you have this link, you can just go back to report. And what you can do, you can just edit these links out. So just replace these links with your link. So you replace my link that was in here with your link. And you do this for every single one of these links. Make sure you double check, make sure that you really changed all of them It kind of important you know and yeah And once it done then all you want to do is you want to just create a pdf document with that report so I'll show you that in a moment so let me just update this and here I have the final link which we can replace and now what I want to do I want to just convert this to the PDF. And typically, you know, the system that you use, whether it's, you know, Windows or Apple system, you can easily convert from, let's say, pages or Word document to the PDF. So let me do this. So now it allows me to select PDF here. So now, as you can see, I have saved this lifestyle flavor unwanted fat report. So I gave it the name with my website. And the final step now that you have done this is you need to upload this to your website. And the way how you can do it, you go to settings, you go to source hosting, and you simply create a folder, let's say, for example, free, right? Because this is free giveaway, right? And then all you do is simply drag and drop that file into that folder. And that's it. As you can see, download has been completed. All is good. You can save changes here if you want to. No need to do that though. So here, what you can do now, you can copy this link and you can type it in. So download the link for my report, right? And copy and paste that. And you have now saved this as well. So you will later need that when you will start to add pages and stuff like that, right? So that's how you customize your report, how you prepare your report so that it's ready with your affiliate links. And you can also upload it to your website. So it's fully ready to be used wherever you need to use it. And you'll see later on that there will be quite a few ways how you can leverage this report. So that's it for this video.