 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to launch your hybrid website and store on Dashnick's PowerTech platform. So in the previous video, you registered a domain name, you registered a custom email address, you have those things ready. You also added your domain to the Cloudflare account. So now you are fully ready to do the launch of the hybrid site. So let's dive into that. All right. So right now I'm on the dashboard of my website builder, and I also have the dashboard of my store builder open. And I also have my Cloudflare account open, which is what we will need in order to do a one specific configuration, right? Now, on top of that, I also have the Dashnet support documentation open, where you pretty much have all these things cover that I'm going to be showing you in this video. However, please watch this video and then if you will want to do some more customizations, then you can just jump to the Dash Next support and just go through the tutorial that will cover that part. But right now, let's just get started with the launch of the website. So you want to go to the website builder, you want to click add a website and you want to pick a subdomain. Now, preferably you want to pick the subdomain that is the same subdomain that you registered as a domain name as well. And so I'm going to just type in here the name of it, right? I can give a description like hybrid website number one, clicking add website and now as you can see it's created right here and the very first thing that you want to do you want to go to the settings here and this is where you can for example upload the logo so I have designed the logo already and also the favicon image now you can you know design it yourself you can go to places like fiverr I will include the link below and get the designs there, like there are literally lots of lots of ways how to do it. You can also request design by our design team and I will include the link below to that as well So there are plenty of options but of course if you want to get results you need to have a logo I don see any website today without that getting results right So what I'm going to do now, I'm just going to drag and drop, you know, the logo here. And I'm going to drag and drop the favicon image here as well. I'm just going to click Save Changes. and that's done when it comes to this part. The next part that I want to do is I want to go to the legal pages and I want to generate legal pages. So I'm going to click generate and now I'm going to fill out this information. So let me kind of pause the video and let me fill it out and then I'll come back and I'll show you what I did. All right, now, as you can see, I have filled out the information here. So I have the phone number, I have the email address, I have all the details that is needed for the legal pages. And I can now just click the link, generate legal pages. And now, as you can see, they are generated here. And obviously, you can come back and update them later on and change things later on. In fact, I just realized that I made a mistake. So we will need to regenerate them again after we will add a custom domain. So let's just go straight to the custom domain. now and let's just add a custom domain. So if you configure everything inside of the Cloudflare and you have this kind of check mark right here and you have updated the DNS records, you have updated the SSL records, then you're all good to go. And so what do you want to do? You want to just copy your domain like this, click validate. And now as you can see, it will show you all of these checked and you want to click add domain right and then at the end you just want to click save save settings and now it's going to be saved and you will have a custom domain created now later you will configure all the pages and stuff that's not that important so let's go back to the legal pages now and let's just regenerate them and the reason why is because it otherwise shows the wrong domain here. So now it shows the correct domain, also the correct URLs, things like that. Now, what do you want to do? You want to click Save Changes. And as I mentioned before, you can obviously update this information however you want. So you can go through this, you can read about this read through them We definitely don guarantee that this is a correct terms page or anything like that What I can say from my own personal experience and again that's not advice, is that, you know, unless your business is really becoming big, don't bother to do this, right? So what do you want to do though, while you are here, you want to copy these URLs and save them to your notepad. So I'm going to, so this is terms page, right? And I'll show you in a moment how I'm doing this. There are privacy pages as well. You will need these pages later on so we can do this right now because we are just here, right? We are just here. And then we have the disclaimer as well. And that's about it, right? And then the other thing you can do, you can now go to other pages and, you know, they are automatically generated as you can see. You can click generate and it's going to kind of fill out the information and you can click save changes and again you can just copy the links to these pages right you will need them later on so about page and contacts page right um let's just copy that link right here and i'll show you how this looks like on on my notes so as you can see i have my you know my domain name my support email i have a logo in favicon i have the phone number i have now all these urls saved and you can literally just create a document like that that you can then later on use throughout your sort of um setup processes and things like that right so now when it comes to the launch of the website you have done everything you need to do like there's literally nothing else at this moment that you need to do for the website part. Now, the next step that we need to do though, is we need to launch a store as well, because what we are building here is a hybrid website. So we want to have the store that is attached to the website. And so the process is you go to stores, you click add store. And again, you will provide a name to it. So this is going to be lifestyle flavor store, right? Then we are going to use the subdomain which is the same as the domain name there. When it comes to the time zone please choose the time zone that your PayPal Stripe or whatever kind of payment processing system you be using for the store and you can read all about this here So if you go to the store builder you can see all the payment integrations that we have So PayPal, Stripe, Paystack, Fondi. So whichever you will be using, you know, and whichever time zone you have for those accounts, use the same time zone for your store as well. So for me, it's Los Angeles time. That's what it is. Now, primary currency is going to be, in my case, USD, so US dollars, because my market is going to be primarily United States. And if you are building this store, just like I do this now, and you follow my lead in the side merchant program, then you also would like to check that as a US dollars for the primary currency, right? Now let's click next. here, we need to provide physical address. So again, that's going to be, I just need to type that in. Hold on for a second. Next, we need email for notification. So I'm going to be using my support email here, store representative. So I'm going to just call it a lifestyle flavor store like that. And then phone number, I'm just going to enter the phone number that I have here. And if you don't want to use your own phone number, for example, then what I recommend is that, you know, there is a link below this video, which will take you to the service that I'm personally using for all my phone stuff, right? So this phone number also comes from there. Click next. And the cool thing is that when you pick the one phone number, you can use that for all your businesses for all your stores, you know? So it's a pretty good thing. Now here at this moment, I'm just going to select them on PayPal. This is something that I will be kind of adjusting later on. If you don't have integrations in your account, just, you know, select cash and delivery. It really doesn't matter at this moment. You know, you're not going to be starting to sell anything right now. So don't worry about it. You'll adjust it later. And so select that and click launch your store. And now your store is going to be ready. So the next step is you click lifestyle flavor store or whatever is called for you. So your brand store and you go inside of the store and there are a couple of things that you can instantly do. So for example, you can go ahead and you can upload a logo.  So I'm going to just drag and drop my logo here. So that's my logo. I'm going to upload the mobile logo as well right away. The same. I'm not going to adjust anything else there. So I'm going to just click Save right now. But then when it comes to color scheme, I'm going to definitely change this. I'm going to use white for the headers. Menu as well. I will just check the footer is going to be black. That's my typical kind of thing. Background is kind of gray a little bit. Actually, let's see, maybe the background, we can use the same for the header as well. Mobile header, the same way. Store name is going to be, so footer text is going to be white, which makes sense. and then the rest is pretty much it. So let's see how this looks like and then we can later on judge and adjust it. So if I go to preview it right now, because I uploaded the logo, it looks pretty good, right? I mean, it's just all we need. Now, also here, if we go back to general, I think there was a place for favicon. Yeah, there is. So I'm going to upload that as well so that I'm kind of done with these setting things here, with these design things. And then we go back and we go to the main store settings And this is where you want to integrate a custom domain And this is essentially you know kind of the key thing that I want to show you in this particular video because there's a lot of customizations available, a lot of things that you need to do and you can do. And we will talk about them as we will add products and stuff like that. But right now, I just want to show you everything that is related to the custom domain. Now, when it comes to custom domain, you want to go to Cloudflare and you want to go to DNS and you want to create a subdomain. Okay. You're going to create a subdomain and you're going to click add record. You're going to click CNAME. You want to select store, right? And you want to select app.myecomshop.com. Essentially, if you go here in the settings, here's the instructions how to add a subdomain to the store builder. And there are instructions how to do this. So here is the URL that we are redirecting to. So we are selecting that. And now we are going to click save. So now this record is going to be added right here. As you can see, it's right here. Right. And then if we go to like SSL and all that stuff will remain the same. It's automatically enabled for the entire domain. There is no kind of problem with that at all Also I think one thing which has changed like I don think there is a page rule anymore for HTTPS Let me just check real quick Always use HTTPS So that something I have not done, which I should have done yesterday. So let me just do this real quick. So you should have like setting like this basically added, right? So click save and deploy. And we can add another page rule to be honest. We can add, for example, http store. and then lifestyleflavor.com. In your case, it will be whatever the domain you have. And then also add a wildcard like you can see here and and basically click save and deploy right and that means that everything will be https for your store and also for your website right so now once you have done everything here inside of the cloudflare you go back to main store settings you click add custom domain and here you're going to add store.yourdomain and click validate right and now as you can see it should show all green so you have domain checked, DNS checked, SSL checked, you can click save domain and now you have a custom domain enabled for your store So if you click on the store it should right now show our store on a subdomain and that really the case here As you can see it SSL secure So everything in terms of configuration for the store is done Now there are just a few things which I can show you right away. It's very, very simple to do, which is why we can do it. So what do you want to do? You want to go here to contacts and you want to enable these two at the top of your header, right? So if we go now and refresh here, you'll see them showing up and then you can see that they are white. So we need to change that and we can change that by going to our design or appearance, I should say. And then we go to, I think, color scheme and we look at the header store name, contacts name, we want that to be black. and I think that will solve the problem. So let's see if that solves the problem and we have both things black right here. So we have the phone number and email address right at the top and these are requirements for e-commerce stores especially later when you will want to use Google Shopping or Microsoft Shopping then you'll need these elements on this store. But now you have basically a hybrid store created and also the hybrid website created, or I should say the framework created and added custom domains and all that stuff. So in the next steps, you will start to configure everything and start to connect everything together.