 Hi, this is Peter Gourdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video I want to talk to you about ClickBank. So ClickBank is a marketplace from where we are going to pick products that you can promote from your hybrid sites. And so what do you need to do right now? You need to go to ClickBank.com, and if you don't have an account, you literally need to become an affiliate and you need to sign up and create your account. So just go to ClickBank.com, click sign up, provide all your details right here, and just literally create account. It's a straightforward process. There's nothing really difficult about it. And then after you will have account ready, that's when you'll be able to follow along as I will show you how to set up your hybrid website and pick different products and create different product affiliate links that you'll be able to promote with your hybrid sites. And generally how that works is you will just go to the offer in the marketplace. And as you can see, there are literally pretty much any category you can imagine. And one of which is health and fitness, which is the category we will work with. And you can pick the product that we will recommend for you to promote and click the promote button. It will create this little kind of box with the ability to generate your unique hop link, which is essentially your affiliate link. And this is where you enter your account nickname and generate the link. So for example, my account is ultra7.com. If I click generate hop link, so this is now my unique affiliate link. And so if anybody clicks on this link and purchases the product I will be earning 75 commission from that right Now you don have to create any links I just showing you how to do it You don have to create them right now because when we will give you the actual business, we will show you in step-by-step videos how to generate the link, what kind of tracking ID to put there, and things like that. But this is just for your information. So as you can see, when you go to the marketplace, there are products in pretty much any category. And when you have the account created, you can literally just pick any product you want, generate the link for it, and start to promote it right away. So your task right now is as simple as just making sure that you have ClickBank account. If you don't have one, sign up right now, enter all the information you need, check all the information about how their payment processing works, literally learn about ClickBank. So when we actually give you the business, you can just go ahead and grab these links as we will teach you how to do that and just list them on your hybrid sites so they are ready to make you money. So that's it when it comes to ClickBank. So go ahead, sign up and create an If you have an account right now, you don't have to do anything. Just make sure you locate your account and nickname because that's what you will need and That's about it. So make sure you set up a Clickbank account right away you