 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to launch your hybrid website number two and how to launch your store as well. So I'm going to show you how to launch both on the Dash Next PowerTech platform. All right, so right now I'm inside of the website builder of the Dash Next PowerTech. And what you can do here is you can just click add website and you can provide a subdomain. And in this case, I'm going to use the same subdomain that I have created as a domain name. And I'm going to call it the same way as well. So your triggers is my domain. And this is my hybrid website number two. Click add website. And it's going to be launched right away now. So once you launch the website, you can go right away to the subdomain settings here. And the first step that you want to do, you want to go to the custom domain and add your custom domain. Now, in the brand video, I explained and shared with you that you have to register a domain and you also have to add it to the Cloudflare following the documentation. And I have done that. So all I have to do now is just click add domain, copy and paste my domain name in here and validate that. And as you can see, I have domain checked, everything checked, everything is green. So I can click now add domain, right? And click save changes here. So now my domain has been added here and verified. I can go back and I can generate my legal pages. Here again, I just enter my domain name as a company name. I also have here the address, which I'm going to copy and paste here like this. And just adjust here, United States. Here it's going to be. Now as a phone number, I have the phone number here. So I'm going to just enter that right here like that. So this is the phone number I have. And I will provide a link below where you can get the phone number as well And you can use the same phone number for all your businesses You don have to create a new one for each business And then I also have the support email which I created yesterday when I recorded the website and brand name video So help at yourtriggers.com. And now I can just click generate and add all the details here, right? And as you can see, it's automatically right now using that kind of domain and all the details is here. So everything that's necessary. Now, obviously, if you want to add it, you can definitely do that. You can update the information on each of these. But as I mentioned before, with the side merchant business number one, you don't really have to do it unless you get to the certain level, right? But definitely don't take my advice for this. I'm not a lawyer. I can't give you that kind of advice. All I'm saying is that we don't take responsibility for what's in here. So, you know, decide for yourself. Now, one thing you can do, and as always, I'm creating this recording file. And this is the file that, you know, you can create a text document like that as well and save all the important information that you might need later. So here, I'm going to add a terms, privacy, and disclaimer. I want to add these links here so that I can just use them later, right? So what I'm going to do now, I'm just going to right click, copy link address, and I'm going to paste it here, right? Just like that, okay? So that will save me time later on when I'm going to be building some other pages and things like that, right? So again, just copy link and paste. That's about it. And then the final thing that you can do, you can go to other pages. And as you can see, there is also sort of the pages generated here. You can just regenerate them and they will automatically update stuff. And you can, you know, definitely, again, add all the information you want here, however you want here, you know, but just copy these links so that you can sort of use this, right? So contact page, and then we have the about page, right? So these are pages that we will need later. And we have made it simple to build these because they are really not the primary things that you need. But at the same time, it's good to have them, right? So now in terms of the final step that I want to do here is I want to go to design and I want to upload my logo that I have here So I have created the logo So I going to upload drag and drop that here You don't see it because it's transparent. It will show up later on. And then also I have the favicon image here, which I'm going to upload. And that's about it. Now, if I go to legal pages, let's just preview whether the logo actually shows up. It shows up, but I would say that I need to, in design, I need to have the header maybe something darker, right? And then header text could be white. And that will be pretty much the right way to do it, right? So if I refresh this now, it shows here your triggers. and as you can you can't see the icon showing up but icon shows up as well and there's all the details about the website so everything is automatically updated everything is automatically saved so we are good to go we can start to add pages to this website now this next step that you need to take is you need to go to the store builder and you need to launch a store and the process here is similar there will be one different step which I will show you in a moment so let's enter the details here. So it's going to be your triggers store, right? Let's copy this as a subdomain. Now, when it comes to the timing of the store, as I mentioned, you know, for the first business, make sure you use the same time zone that you have for all your other accounts, such as Facebook, such as PayPal, such as Stripe. And obviously you can update your time zone to all of these accounts, but just make sure you have the same one, right? Then in terms of currency, I'm going to be using United States dollars as the primary currency for my store. Click next. Here, physical address. I'm just going to copy and paste the address that I have here in file. Email, I'm going to use the actual email here. Then I'm going to use your triggers store as a name and then phone number, I going to be just entering the phone number like that Okay click next step Author responder I have get response here but I have not created an account So I going to not select it right now Instead, I'm going to just select the merchant account that I have integrated, and I'm just going to launch my store. Okay, so now, as you can see, my store has been launched. I can go inside of the store dashboard now. And the first thing that I have to do here is I have to set up a custom domain for the store. Now, in order to add that, we need to go to the Cloudflare, and we need to add another record, which is going to be called CNAME record. We're going to type in store, and then we want to type in the domain name here. No, not the domain name, sorry. We want to type in app.myecomshop.com. And you can find that information in the documentation link, which I'm going to include below this video. So when you will click that, you'll see the steps how to enter your store subdomain into the Cloudflare. And so this is how you do it. You click save. Right. So now it's saved. And when you go here to the domains, you can click add a custom domain and you can now type in store and then copy and paste your domain. So it looks like this store.yourtriggers.com. Click validate. It shows everything as it is here. You click save and you have the custom domain added, right? You have absolutely the custom domain added, right? Now, again, in terms of design, we can just go quickly to the appearance here. Just, you know, upload the logo. If you don't have the logo, I have included links below which you can use to get your logo done. And then favicon image as well. So that's done. And then we want to use the color scheme, which is going to be here. We are going to use white menu. Let's leave it like that. Footer is going to be black. Footer text is white. Header for the mobile is white. Let's click save changes and let's see if we need to change something else. So I think header store name, header contact details needs to be blue.  I believe that was the thing. So let's click Save and then let's preview the store and here you have it. Nice beautiful store, perfectly domain fitting, everything's done. Now one thing we can do right away, we can go back to the settings here and enable the phone number and contact details. So we can enable both of these, click Save, refresh your store and you can see the details showing up here nicely, right? And that's it. That's how you launch your store and how you launch your website. You add a custom domain and you have essentially all the basic settings in place. So you can just start to configure other things and get everything launched.