 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video, I'm going to show you how to upload your hybrid website source files on Dashnet's PowerTech platform. Alright, so when you download the zip file that you will find below this video, and you will unzip that file, you will find these three zip files within that file. I know it sounds weird, zip within a zip, but that's how it is, and I want to make it as simple as possible. So what do you want to do? You want to go to the source hosting, which is the same place where you uploaded your free report. And what do you want to do here is you simply want to drag and drop these elements one by one. So let's just drag and drop them. Now, before you do that, though, make sure you have all of these enabled. And generally, these are enabled by default, so you don't have to worry about them. But just make sure you check that, right? And so now we just drag and drop them here like this. So it's going to upload it and don't pay attention to that error file. We need to delete that file So you need to have just this CSS folder right there And that about it Let go back to the root So always make sure you are here in the root So there nothing after this sort of dash sign. Then go back, drag and drop images, just like that. And now as you can see, we have all the images uploaded again. And so again, what do you want to do? You want to just simply delete this file. If this is actually something your computer creates, mine does it all the time. I don't know why. And now as you can see, you have all the images right there in the folder. Again, let's go back to the root. And then the final step is JS. Again, the same way, you just click upload and that's about it. So now as you can see, we have uploaded all the files. So let me just delete this item again. I don't know what it's creating there. And so in CSS, you will have these two. In free, you have the report. And then in images, you have a bunch of images. And then in JS, you have this one thing right there. And this is basically how you upload the source files to your website. And now you will be able to just go back to your dashboard and create pages.