 Hey, this is Peter Gordy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to set up the EasyOptins opt-in form for your hybrid business. So let's dive in. All right, so right now I'm on my website's command hub. And what do you wanna look for is this EasyOptins place. And if you have not activated the system yet, just click the button activate and it will be activated. So I have already done that. And once you have activated EasyOptins, the next step is to click this button add form. Now, once you click that button, you'll have these two choices, opt-in form and contact form. So what do you want to choose is the opt-in form. Click proceed. And now you will be presented with all the options in order to configure this form. And I will walk you through each and every one of these so that you can have this form ready in no time at all. So let's start from the very top. First, we have some internal information. So this is going to be my main report. giveaway that's the name of the form so giving away a free report from my website right so I can remember what it was about later when I have multiple forms next we want to select this first template click use this template and we have done this first step now on the next step we want to work with this data a collection. So here, what do we want to do? We want to delete name and keep just email because we don't need really the name to build an email list and to promote our offers. And so you don't want to ask for information that you don't need because the more you ask, the less likely people are going to give it to you. So essentially you'll have lower conversions and less data that you will get which is why you just want to select email and that's about it. Next step is customization and for the customization I have prepared a file for you so download the file below this video and open it up and this is where you will see all the information that you need in order to do the customization. So let's start from the very beginning. So the first one is form background And that actually this white color that we have right here So we want to keep it as it is and then we have the backdrop color and for that we want to copy this code and we want to replace this with the following code it looks like this then we have the form title which is this one so free report reveals we want to make it bold we want to select roboto keep 22 size and then for the The color, let's use this one, which is a red standard color to make it stand out, right? The next step is we want to add a content before the opt-in box. And we want to click add editor. And here, what do you want to do? You want to go and select the code view and then go back and grab this entire text and simply copy and paste that text in. And then just, you know, close the code view. And this is how it will look like. And here you can do some customizations more. For example, you can select the font group to be the same. So the Roboto and the font size, you can select, for example, 18 to make it bigger, right? So that's that. And then we have that cover image. So you want to delete this one. And when it comes to the cover image, you need to check a couple of videos ago. we gave you the report and along with that report we also gave you the cover image so go pause this video go locate that cover image and then come back and simply drag and drop that cover image right here right so it's going to upload and it's going to show up as you can see right now okay so the next step we have the cover image redirect url optional and as you can see me mentioning it here. You don't want to set this up if you are running paid Facebook traffic or paid Google traffic. It might get you in trouble. But if you are not running any of these paid traffic channels, then what you can do, you can use your affiliate link here. And so when someone clicks on the cover image, they are automatically redirected to the offer that you are promoting. So here in my recording file I have these links somewhere So let me find them So let see we have the short link here short link here So giveaway funnel pages this is the short link And so I going to use this short link from the giveaway report. So I'm going to copy that and I'm going to paste that in here, right? So when someone will click this link, then they are going to be redirected to the offer page. Now, you'll check back the videos and you'll see where we created these links. So these links are available to you as well with your own custom domain. So make sure you use those. Don't use mine, right? So that's that. The next step is the button itself. Then we want to copy and paste this text right here, just like this. Let's select the font. Let's select maybe the size, something like 18. And then for the color, let's copy and paste this one. So now it's kind of yellow right here. And again, if you want to change the color, you can absolutely do this. So this is the form submit button that will show up right there. The next step, we have this decline link. And this decline link is actually this no thank you link. And you have basically three choices here. You can select none, which is absolutely fine. You can select close which means that when someone will click this no, thank you link. It will simply close the pop-up So here you just want to select maybe Roboto and maybe you know, keep on maybe bigger a little bit But also if you are not running paid traffic What you can do here instead is select this redirect and actually copy and paste the same link right here. And so what is going to happen is that if someone clicks on this cover image, or someone clicks on this no thank you link, they are going to be redirected to the offer that you are promoting. And it's a good thing, because the more people you get to the offer page, the more likely you are going to make money, right? So and also you will make more money. It's a numbers game, The more people you show this to, the more people will sign up and the more money you will make. It's just logical, right? And so that why you wanna expose that link everywhere where you can but just remember that in case you are starting to run Facebook traffic or Google traffic you absolutely want to remove these affiliate links from your landing pages, right? So make sure you do that. Then we have the confirmation part and the confirmation part is pretty straightforward. This is the URL. And so what we are looking for, we are looking for the upsell page that we created before. So we're going to select that. So once people opt in through the opt-in box, we want to redirect them to our upsell page where we have all the relevant information for them. And then finally, we have the publishing part, which is we need to enable the autoresponder that we created in the previous video. So if you have not integrated your GetResponse account here, make sure to go to integrations here at the top. First, integrate your GetResponse account, then come back and you'll be able to select the autoresponder and choose the list. So let me choose my list right now. So here is my list. I also can add, for example, a tag like something like this. And this tag could help me later on if I want to create some sophisticated automations inside of the GetResponse. I can absolutely do that. And tag is going to help me to do just that. And then we want to click publish and we want to save everything. And now you can see this is how it will look like. So when people will click to show this opt-in form on desktop, they are going to see the full page like this. And if they click on the report or click on the no thank you link, they will be redirected to the offer page. Then if they are on some iPad or something like that, it's going to look like this. And then final in the mobile phone, it's going to look something like this. So it's pretty good. All is set now. We want to exit this. And now what's going to happen when you will place this Easy Opt-ins opt-in form on your landing pages and people will join your list. You'll see all the people that join here on their entrance. And also they are going to be added to your autoresponder that you have integrated here with Easy Opt-ins. So that's it when it comes to the easy opt-in form configuration. And in the next video, we are going to talk about hybrid landing page, which is where we are going to use these opt-in forms in order to get them exposed to your traffic.