 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video I'm going to show you how to import products from CSV file and customized product pages. So below this video, you're going to find a file with pre-configured products for your first hybrid store, right? And so you will need to use that file, so make sure you download this file, and then just follow along what I'm doing here, and you'll be up and ready in no time at all. So let's dive into this. All right, so right now I'm on the dashboard of my store. Now, before we start the import of the product, there is one thing you need to configure and set up, and that's called shipping. So I'm going to go to the shipping part. And here you want to add a new shipping class. You can call it free shipping. And then you go inside of the free shipping and you want to configure a couple of zones. And for example, this is going to be United States shipping. So click save zone, click next, and now select United States. Okay. Select all states here. It's very important. Click next. And this is where you can configure the pricing for the shipping. Now, here's my recommendation. So if you are kind of starting a brand new store, I always recommend to do free shipping. So set it up as a standard and set it up, for example, seven to 14 days and just select zero, right? So that means this is free shipping. But then also add two other options, which is expedited and premium. And here you can select, for example, three to seven days. And here you can select, for example, costs $9.95, right? And then premium, it could be three to five days. And you can select, for example, $14.95. Now, I'm not saying that someone will actually buy these, but at the same time, someone might buy them, right? And if they do, you will be just making more money from that. So do this and it will kind of serve you well. Just click save zone. And now you have the zone ready here. What do you want to do now? You want to clone that zone, edit that zone and here you want to select worldwide shipping, right? So again, click Next. Delete United States select all countries and just go and find somewhere where is United States and just remove United States Okay So let me just do this real quick Here United States I removing that So this is worldwide. Click next. And here you can also say like free shipping and here you can increase, for example, you know, to something like, you know, 17 or maybe even, you know, $29.95. And here could be like 17.95 and here could be, for example, you know, 10 to 15 days, for example, right? And click save. And now you have the shipping configured. So now the shipping is configured. You can go back to stores. You can go back to your particular store and you can go to the product dashboard, which is from where you'll be able to import the products. Now here, before you can import the file, what you need to do is you need to set up some categories, right? So we are going to be selling weight loss products primarily here. And we have three types of products as I shared with you before. So we want to create a category called something like, for example, bracelets. Let's click and create that category. So we have that. And then we want to have, for example, weight loss, or I should say health and fitness. So let's have that. And now what we can do when we have these categories, we can go back, we can go to products, and we can now add products from the CSV file. So click import from CSV file, drag and drop the file that you downloaded below this video. And all you have to do here is match the columns with the application fields. So here, for example, product name is product name, product title is product title, regular price is regular price. And we have made this super simple, current price, main product description here, extra description here, main product image here, additional product images here, product source URL here, and product price is here, right? Click next. And now you can select categories. For example, just select, you know, bracelets as a category because, you know, it doesn't matter right now. Like it will have all your sort of products in a single category You will adjust that later So you click import the products And now you can see that it just going to be importing the product step by step right? We can check the status and see what's going to be imported. So as you can see, it shows that all the products have been imported. I don't sort of see all of them. There they are. So all the products are now here. Now, once we have them imported, as I said, we need to go to inside and we need to do some kind of customizations, right? There's not much customizations that needs to be done. As you can see, the descriptions are fine. The images are fine. You can select just custom style for the button. You can copy and paste the title to a respective meta title and open graph title, right? And then pretty much all you have to do here is you have to select shipping class. We have free and we have worldwide shipping here. And then here for this particular product, you want to select this appropriate category. So this is going to be health and fitness category. And you also need to select Google category from here. So let's look at the health and beauty right here and let's see whether we have, what is the specific category we want to pick here. I think electrical muscle stimulators could be a property category for this. So we can select that. And then here at the top, you want to change this to public and you're going to click save. So now it's going to save the product. Now let's preview the product and you'll see that the product page is ready, right? And now we need to apply the same thing on the next two products. And this is how we are going to get them published. So we go to the drafts. So let's take the next product. Again, select the class, select the zones. And right now we are not kind of configuring all the other stuff. You know, we are just taking one step at a time. So health and fitness now Let see This is what this was in Seoul So this is also for health and beauty So let look at health care Acupuncture could be the one but let see that not that fitness and nutrition all right here I found the category so this is this category so this is health and beauty personal care so health and beauty was correct one so this was not correct this was not correct let's look at here and so health and beauty and personal care and then it needs to be food care and here it is this is the right category so you want to select that right category and also then you can in the related products you can select the previous one as a related product as well then change here to public and I think yeah and then a couple of more things that we did with the previous product as well. So let's just custom button here. Let's just add OG title and meta title. So they are there. And then pretty much we have the product page ready. Now we will return to the product page later on. So don't worry about making everything perfect right now. You don't have to do it. So we have the page here ready, as you can see as well. pretty cool and now we are going to do the same for the final third product okay so let's go to the last product and here again we want to copy the name let's scroll down select custom button select meta title paste paste that title in that's just a missing piece here then related products we can add both of our related products here. We have already bracelets so we can kind of search here. Let me just try to find bracelets. So apparel and accessories would be the correct sort of category. So let's just select that. Apparel and accessories here and then it's jewelry. So jewelry and then we have bracelets. Let's select that for this category and then shipping classes free US shipping and worldwide shipping both right and then select public  and we click save. And now we have the third one done as well. So now if we go to the homepage of our store, you can see that we have all three products ready with all the pricing in place, everything in place. And that's how we import products and customize product pages to get them ready for the hybrid store. So that's it for this video.