 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video, I'm going to show you how to import products and reviews to your e-commerce store. So below this video, you are going to find a file, and once you download the file and unzip the file, you will find these three files into it, right? So the first step that you need to do is you need to import products. And in order to do that, you go to the products dashboard on your store, you click import from CSV file, and then all you have to do is just drag and drop these products in here. Okay, that's all you have to do. And then just go here and align all the fields. So product name is product name, product title is product title, a regular price, current price, then a main product description, extra product description, main product image, additional product images, product source URL, product source price. and also we have included the Google category. So you don't have to think about that. Then you click next and here you can create a category. For example, in this case, we talk about the category. This is going to be, let's call it relax. Okay, we are going to create a category relax. We are going to click import products. And now the products are being imported here one by one. So it will take some time so you can reload the page, but it will take, you know, a couple of minutes. And as you can see, the first product is already imported here. So you can refresh and you can see all of them are here, right? You can just refresh it. And if you refresh the page, you'll see that they are all here. Okay. And if you look at the review, you can see that all three were imported and not imported, there was none, right? So what do you want to do now? You want to just click edit and pretty much everything is configured. Everything is already done. So the couple of things you need to do here, so custom style here, and then you can go to the top, copy the title go to the bottom here meta title OG title just copy that in there and then if we go here as you can see that the category is already here and you can change the category For example if you want to let have for example socks, right? You can absolutely create a category socks. Okay. Like that. Right. And keep that category. Now shipping, you already had that configured. So from the first business, so you just select the same shipping and that's pretty much it. You click public and you click save. So now you'll see it's already done. You can click preview and it's already done, right? So let's keep it open. We'll need it later on. Let's go back to products and now let's go to drafts. Let's take the next product and we do the same. So let's copy the title from the top. Let's scroll down you have everything here already selected custom style button always better meta title og title and then let's look at categories I think this can stay the same shipping US and worldwide and then we just select sorry public and click Save okay and now if we preview this we have the page right there okay we have it right there you just remove that and let me remove these hashes so we have the second product there let's go back to products drafts edit the product and again let's copy the title from the top and then scroll down custom style meta details og details and category can stay the same shipping and let's select public product click Save click preview okay so let's remove this hash we don't need it now one thing we can do right away we can now store our products here right alright so let's just take the title and Let's just copy and paste it here and let's take the URL and let's paste it there. And then let's go to the next one. The next one is called like this. Copy the title copy the URL So you don have to go back and forth You can just take it from here So again let take this one and let take the URL Now there is one thing for this particular product that I just noticed. You have to go back to the product and you have to link images with the styles. So there is no like on the import at the variants are not working. So what do you have to do? You just take styles and type in style one, style two, style three, and just start to link them together one by one, right? Like this. Because each image is different, right? So, and you can just type in more. Let's just actually type in one more. style four, style six. Let me just count real quick how many we have here. So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22. So 22 styles in total. So just make sure that you link them, okay? So I'm not going to create them right now here on the demonstration, but you just make sure that you link all 22 styles the same way, right? And then you just click save. It's good that I noticed this because otherwise, you know, they won't be able to select the appropriate style. And so you want to have the different styles and things like that, right? So it just looks good. Okay. So that's done. And we have the products imported. So the next step that you want to do is you want to import the reviews. And so you go to reviews. And here, first and foremost, you can also provide settings for reviews to make sure that people are incentivized to upload images. So you can say, for example, upload the photo of the product, the product from your phone and receive instant 25 off for your next purchase or something like that right Click save changes So now what the setting will do it will automatically generate coupon codes for each reviewer right And that a very powerful system that we developed. So now let's go to the import reviews. Let's just select the reviews, respective reviews, drag and drop it. And again, rating number, author name, body content created at and finally photo URL okay click next select the product in this case it's I think it was shower speaker so this one click done and it's now going to generate all the reviews you can go ahead right away and add the next one and again do the same thing this is author first name body review content created ad date and the link url click next product in this case the second one was the socks click done click i understand and then finally you have the final one which is the third one so just drag and drop that rating first name body date, photo URL, click next, product, final product, click done, understand and now it's going to import all the reviews in here. And all you have to do here is just select import, import, pending, pending, publish, sorry, publish, publish, publish, publish. You can refresh the page to see whether the rest are imported. So you can see the statuses pending, publish, publish, publish. And pretty much all of these are published now. And so if you refresh the store, you'll see that the reviews are showing up. Here's the reviews. All right. So it's perfect. Right. And then here the same and here the same. Now the final step. So you have done everything So the final step that I want to show you right now, right away, is you want to create a redirect links for each of your products, right? Because you are going to be using them  them on your website, on your hybrid website. So just create a short link, it's called a short link and let's just grab this URL, go to your website, go to Redirect Pages dashboard, click add link, select without custom scripts, type in the destination URL, type in the name of the product, okay, and just make it maybe be shorter and click save copy the URL paste it in your document like this okay this is what you are going to link from your from your banners on the website right and you can use that in the emails as well so let's do the next one the same way click add page again without script here I'm copying and pasting the next URL. Sorry, that's the wrong place to paste it. So here I need a name for it. And this is this one. So I'm going to shorten it a little bit. Click save. Copy URL. Again, put it here. And the final one, let's grab the name right away. Exit this one. Click here. I'm going to call them like this and then just grab the URL, create the redirect, click Save and now you have all the information in place. So short link here and you have nicely organized all your products with all the information on the file so you can continue with the next steps. So that's how you import products and reviews and also set up a redirect links so that you can start to place them on your website and promote products from your website.