 Hey, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program and in this video we are going to talk about the opt-in upsell. So how to customize it and how to set up a giveaway upsell page so that it makes you money. Alright, so right now we are here on the dashboard and the page that we are going to be talking about is the second page in the folder that you downloaded before. Now, before we go ahead and set up this page, we need to create a new redirect link again. So let's just go back to our dashboard here. Let's go to the redirect pages. And literally, it's up to you what you choose to promote here. But I would like to promote Cinderella Solutions from here. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to just take the Cinderella Solutions name, paste it in here search for the offer and click again promote button type in my name or my account nickname sorry about that and then as a tracking id i'm going to type in upsell right so i know that this is on the upsell page right so we click generate click copy this again we use our note document here. So this is going to be a Cinderella Solutions for upsell page. And now we need to create a short link for this. And the short link, we go back to our redirect pages here and we type in, let's first copy. Okay. So we have the name there. So let's copy that. Cinderella Solutions and this is going to be upsell. I'm just going to name it like this. And here it's going to be special offer. I think confirmation or I should say, yeah I can leave it special offer for example page right And then let just take this link paste it in here click save and copy the URL right here right And so we have that now done. So we can exit that page. It's all right now already working. So it's all good. We can go back to our dashboard here and we can go to custom pages. now in the custom pages dashboard we just click add a page and we just drag and drop this upsell page right in here right and it will automatically create the page as usual and there are a couple of things you will want to customize so again you can customize this one so confirmed access I'm going to or I should say thank you um yeah just thank you it's absolutely fine then we can adjust sorry not metadata but we can adjust here the title so meta title og title and here no index no follow click save and what we need to do now is we need to go inside of this inline editor so inside of this inline editor you see this timer right here and the only thing you need to change here is all the footer information and this link, right? So let's start with this link. Let's just click on this. Let's just click on that icon right there. And what we are going to do here, we are going to copy and paste our short link in that place. Okay. So copy and paste that in here, click apply. And now that's applied right here. Next, we want to, we want to edit this part which is the domain part again so let me just copy and paste that right in here approve so it changes that and then we have all these links right so again we just update these links one by one not a big deal here so link URL this is going to be terms title click apply privacy again we just take the link take the name name is not mandatory but let's do it here and you know again we for the disclaimer do the same, right? Again, title, disclaimer, apply. Now I want to save it now. And after saving it, I want to go once again inside because there is a timer for this. I think it's set to 90 seconds. And I didn't know how much I already spent there. So we updated the terms privacy disclaimer after which we save the page. So now we will update the about page. And about page is this one. So again, we just type in the link or we just click about and save. And then the final page is contacts page title, and then a link as well. Right. And so you click update that and you have updated absolutely everything for the page. You just click save. It will exit the page. and there are one more thing which you will need to change here in order to make everything work. So if we preview the page, you'll see this is how the page looks like and this is how it needs to look like, right? You don't want people to spend any time on that page. You want them to click this link or be redirected after 15 seconds to the offer page, right? Because we say to them, thank you, your free report is on its way to your inbox. And after that, we want to send people right away to the affiliate offer. Now, right now, for this page, I have configured it to redirect after 19 seconds. But as you can see, the image here shows 15 seconds. So you need to make that adjustment. And you also need to make adjustment of the automated redirect link. So let's go and do that. And the way how you can do that, you can go to this Heather Metadata And what you will find in the very top here right And I going to show you you find this 90 seconds right here You wanna replace that with 15 seconds and then you wanna replace that URL here, this entire URL here, right? You wanna replace that with that redirect link that you created, so with this link, okay? So you just delete that link And in between quotes, you want to, there's just one quote, I believe. Let me actually just change it back just to double check. But yeah, there's just, there's no quote at the beginning of the link. So we change that to the link and there is, at the end, there is quotes, right? And then you basically just click after that, you basically just click save, right? You click save, make sure it saves. And then you can literally just exit the page, enable the page, preview the page, copy the link. Now, as you can see, it updated the link. So I need to change that. And you'll see that it will redirect after 15 seconds. So let's just wait whether it does the redirect or not. So let's see whether it works automatically, right? And as you can see, it does work automatically. It takes us to the Cinderella solutions, which is what we want. So let's close it. And let's just open this up one more time. So here something was changed. So we want to change it back to thank you and then exit and then preview. And as you can see, it's all good. We have the thank you URL right there. And so now we can save that on our page here. So this is going to be giveaway thank you page. And you will need that URL later on as well. So as you can see, we have configured now the second page here. And step by step, we are just getting all your website pages ready. So this video was all about the upsell page.