 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy, and in this side merchant video, I'm going to be talking about brand name and domain name. So how to choose a brand name and register a domain name for your side merchant hybrid website number one. So in this case, we are talking about the weight loss business and in order to really build a serious business from this, you need to have a brand name and you need to have a domain name. And that's what this video is all about. So let's dive right into it. Now, I could spend a lot of time and talk about different ways how to pick a brand name. And there are really kind of a lot of sophisticated ways how to do it, a lot of simple ways how to do it. So I'm just going to show you the method that I typically use when I'm building, let's say, an affiliate business or side merchant hybrid type of business. So I go to Google and I type in the most regular sort of keyword that would represent my niche. So in this case, I would type in something like how to lose weight, right? Or how to lose, let's say, belly fat, right? Let's say here's the keyword, how to lose belly fat fast, right? And so what I'm looking at here is different brand names that are coming up. Like you can see here, weightwatchers.com, medicalcosmetic.org, noom.com, gerson.org. I think it's gerson.org. Then hopkinsmedicine.org. Obviously, that's a popular one. Healthline.com, webmd.com, prevention.com. Obviously, these are super, super, super powerful websites. Eatthis.com, YouTube. rush. And the thing that you want to look at is sort of the main things that are representing the niche and the main words that are representing the niche. And what you want to find is that one word. So for example, you can look at things like weight, things like eating, things like health. So things like some general stuff, right? So what I want to say is that when you think about the brand names you don want to make a brand name sound like a product You want to make a brand name that sounds more like a magazine or more like some kind of blog and less like some kind of salesy website right So for example, how to lose belly fat naturally, if you do the search for that, again, Healthline comes up. Medical News Today, Prevention, that was one of those before. Goodhousekeeping.com. Let's look at the second page right here. Eat This, obviously no very familiar website. So you can see all kinds of different things and life, med life, men's health, you know things like that now you know there is no one formula into this and so the way how I also look at these things is I typically go to for example offer pages and I read the offer pages and I look at what they talk about here right what kind of words they are using here for example natural, you know, things like that, you know. Let's see whether I can see some kind of other words. The things that you don't want to do is you don't want to use, for example, flat belly or belly fat or lose belly fat fast or things like that, which are basically indicating of some kind of offer right away, right? That's something that you definitely don't want to have, right? So healthy is quite a bit. So these are words that people are searching. For example, healthy weight loss is probably something that a lot of people are searching, right? So healthy weight loss. If you look at that, again, we can see Noom obviously is promoting something very, a very heavily health line again comes up, right? Helpguide.org, WebMD, that comes up all the time, you know, and you can look a couple of pages, you can see different blogs, and you can even type in, for example, healthy weight loss blog, right? And see what comes up, you know, Women Health Magazine HealthyWage Carrotsnake Diet2Go that SkinnyFit Like skinnyfit and diet I wouldn use those words into it But I would definitely kind of look at the words, you know, that are like inspiring weight loss. I wouldn't use weight loss again, but healthy is something that I definitely could sign up with right away. And, you know, you need to spend some time to find some kind of words that are, you know, power words. And then once you find those words, you can go to a Lean Domain search and just type in those words. Like, for example, healthy. If I type in healthy, right, and I click search, it's going to offer me all kinds of different word combinations that I can look at. Look at this. We have 2,262 available. And I can search them, you know, based on popularity, you know, start with healthy. So, for example, I can decide that, you know, I want to start it with word healthy. I want to organize it based on popularity, length, or alphabetical. I can decide what to do. And so I can go through this and see whether I can find some kind of domain or word combination that, you know, that makes sense to me and that makes sort of sense also for the niche. I can type in different, for example, fit. I can type in fit and I can, you know, select end with it or start with it, however you want. And, you know, cocktail fit, for example, an interesting name. You know, it kind of is a symbol of cocktail dress, which is what a lot of women would want to think about. You know, so you need to spend some time and type in different kind of words. And you can go back and Google and type in, you know, do some research. So start to read, for example, start to read some kind of blog post or something where there is a bunch of different words available. Or you can look at, you know, we had somewhere, we had the printed version of the sales page here, and we can look at you know some kind of words that are representing you know the industry very well right Low diets Obviously we don want to use the word diets and I wouldn use word diets and word weight loss at all So I would look for something else And what I going to do right now is I'm going to pause the video and I'm going to do a little bit of research. So I'm kind of going to read some blogs and check some things. And then I will come back and I'll show you what I came up with and what's going to be the domain name that I'm choosing for my side merchant business number one. So just wait for that. All right. So I'm back now. And the word that I settled with is lifestyle. Because when I started to think about these things and I started to kind of go through all of these products and listening to the videos, in the end of the day, it's all about the lifestyle, right? It's all about building the lifestyle that you want. If you search on any page, you'll find a lot of word life or lifestyle present pretty much on any weight loss blog where I go there. It's that, right? So now it's about the two, it's about the making the choice with which we can go with. Now I found a couple of ones and I'm kind of undecided is one is lifestyle picker, which could be a pretty good one. Then the other one, which I kind of liked quite a bit, is a lifestyle flavor, right? Now, I don't know which one I will settle right now, but let's just assume that it's lifestyle flavor. Let's say this is the domain that I'm picking. There's one more thing that I want you to do. So below this video, I have included the link to this domain name value appraisal tool. And what I want you to do is I want you to pick the domain name and I want you to go and see what kind of value this tool returns to you, right? And it's a great indicator of the value of the domain because what you want to do is you want to buy a domain name that is valuable out of the gate. So if, for example, this domain name, lifestyleflavor.com, as you can see, it's $1,416. And as you can see, there was a lifestyle cafe, which was a domain sold recently, a live...  lifestylegreen.com startup flavor. We can see a couple of more here. So you can see that there are a couple of domains that with the word lifestyle that have been sold. And so this is kind of a good indicator, right? Now, obviously, we can also go back now and take this domain, for example, like a lifestyle picker and see whether they are actually giving the same kind of value based on the word lifestyle, right? And as you can see, it's a different value. It's a little bit less than what was, you know, before. Like we had 1,400 or something before. So we can see that this is also a way how to pick, you know, a domain name that and how you can really kind of get one which builds the value into your business from the moment that you are registering this right So I think I going to go with the lifestyle flavor because it kind of curiosity domain as well And so what I going to do right now I just going to go to Namecheap That's where I'm buying my domains. So I'm going to type that in right here. And as you can see, it's $8. I'm going to register this one. Now, on top of that, I also want to register a couple of other things, right? So let me go here. And one thing which I highly recommend for you to register, obviously, you want to author renew it. You want to enable who is guard as well. And also on top of that, I want to have a professional email. And the good thing is that they give you a professional email with a free trial. So you can pick it with the free trial. and you can see, you know, you can author renew that after two months and you can basically adjust here how many you know you're getting, how many emails you're getting here as well. So don't sign up for three, you don't need three, you just need one and you see that if you choose one you have a better sort of rate Now for some reason it doesn allow me to choose one but I going to just pick an email here from the top So I want just one inbox. And instead of this pro, I want to just get this email, right? And I want to use domain in my cart for this. so lifestyle flavor I want to click continue and so now I have that and I can add that to a cart right so now you can see I can I can literally remove this and I can just go with the starter email or I can just pick a two-month trial and after the trial so I have free free trial and then after the trial, I'm going to be charged on a monthly basis, right? So literally, you know, for nine bucks, you can get the domain name and the lifestyleflavor.com is going to be my domain name I also going to register the email so that you know I can professionally present my store I can professionally present my business So that sort of essential right And so, yeah, this is how you can pick a domain name. This is a process. I want you to spend some time on it. This is a very important process. And that's why I'm giving you this domain appraisal tool so you can play with it. You can play with words. You probably will spend maybe a couple of hours if you have not done this. You know, even it took me, you know, good solid 30 minutes to figure out the lifestyle flavor thing. So it takes some time to figure it out, but it's how you can make the business work. And I can't stress that enough. If you want to get results, you have to be very professional from the very beginning. And we are going to give you the setup that is amazing, that is going to drive sales. Everything is designed for that. So you want to set up it as professionally as you can possibly do that, right? So make sure you play around with that. Pick a domain name, register a domain name, register an email address, and be ready for the next setup steps.