 Hey, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to add Easy Opt-ins opt-in form on your giveaway page. In one of the previous videos, we created the giveaway page. We put that on our website. We did some customizations, but the final step that we didn't complete was adding Easy Opt-ins opt-in form on that page because we didn't have the form at the moment. So in the previous video, we created the form. So now we are going to be adding that form on the page. Let's dive in. All right, so we are on the command hub again, and we go to our custom pages, and here is our giveaway page. So we click added that page. And so we did all the customizations to this page before. So if you click preview right now, you can see that we have all the things in place. We have the footer updated. We have the links for the banner, things like that. So we have everything in place. except we don't have these easy opt-in triggers. So we need to put those triggers here. And that's what I'm going to show you how to do in this video. All right. So the way how we do this is we go inside of the inline editor. And here it's very simple. You click on this shortcode. You click edit the text. You select the code view. You delete all this text right And then you simply click on this easy opt form icon here you select from your forms so we have this giveaway page form you select the button you click next and here you be presented with two choices you have the standard buttons that you can use which we provide out of the box or you can create your own button so for example you can use this get free report button that is here, or you can simply go and create your own. And we can obviously create our own. So let's select, for example, something like get free report, or we can say something like download free, or free download, much better. It took me a while to figure this out. anyway I got there so we can add the font size something like this maybe bold maybe not and then in terms of color we can go with the same color we used before in the easy opt-in form itself so we can go with the blue color so it stands out we can also add some dotted lines there maybe two here and then for the borders we can add maybe some kind of you know red color or maybe we can go to green to create that contrast a little bit right And then you click insert So it up to you You can mess around with this and figure out the button style and everything right and then you click Add button right and now you can see this button is added so then you go to the same do the same here again just delete this right and again select the icon here select the button click Next create custom button I I already forgot what I actually did there. So let's see what I did there. It's free download. So let me go back here. So free download like this. And then we just simply select the form, select the button, click next, create button here, free download Roboto 18 color the same as before right and then we had some dotted lines we had the border 2 and we had some green there approximately we could probably we could probably copy the same code but it really doesn't matter right now so let me copy this code for the third one so this is going to be the one, click insert and again apply and now we have the trigger, right? And then finally we have the final one here, so again the same process, very simple very straightforward So we select the form we select the button click next create button free download is the text Roboto 18 and then colors we have here the button color itself which we can copy and paste like this then we have dotted lines border 2 and then for the border color we can just grab this what we used before right and of course this is up to you you can choose other colors you know it just what works the best for you right so click Add and now you have added all three buttons here right and so you can click Save and now we can go to the preview and you have the buttons right here as you can see and so you can click on the first one and you can see the page kind of disappears and this pop up shows up and now if they click on this cover image they will be taken to the actual offer page through your affiliate link if they click on this no thank you they will be taken to that affiliate offer as well and of course if If they enter the email and click send me the report, then they will be redirected to the page that you set up as a redirect page inside of the EasyOptin's configuration, which is our upsell page, right? So that's how you add EasyOptin's opt-in form on your giveaway page.