 Hey, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and this video is called Agency ROI. So how to turn your side merchant agency license to a money-making machine. Now, before we go into the details of this video, I just wanna really cover the license rights to make sure that we are all clear about what you can and what you can't do with the side merchant businesses and how that can translate to money down the road. So the first thing that you can do, you can build and sell hybrid websites to unlimited clients for no less than $35 per hybrid business. And that's excluding the Dash Next PowerTick license. Obviously, Dash Next PowerTick license is 17 bucks. So $35 for the business setup itself. I think it's a reasonable price and you'll see how that plays into the part. And the reason why I'm putting this minimum is because I want you to make more money. I want you to charge more because there are lots and lots of people that are willing to pay more for the service that you have now learned how to do, okay? You have learned the skill how to create side merchant hybrid websites, and you can now convert that skill to more money. And that's what this rule is about, right? The second thing is you can modify side merchant businesses to satisfy your client requirements. So if you need to change images, text, whatever you want to change, you can absolutely do that, no problem at all. You can build and flip unlimited side merchant businesses. So that means that you can just create the same side merchant business, the same sort of hybrid website, five times on five different domains or a hundred times on a hundred different domains and just flip them, right? Or sell them, right? And you absolutely have no limit in terms of how many of these businesses you can build and sell, okay? What you can't do, you can't share or sell side merchant templates and other resources or training online. And that's obvious, right? Because I don't want to kind of chase anybody. I just want to go online and see that the content that I have created in the membership or members is suddenly available somewhere else, right? So don't do that. Don't do dumb things, right? The next one is you can build side merchant businesses on other hosting platforms So only use Dash Next PowerTech That just the rule because everything is designed to work on Dash Next PowerTech. And obviously we want to spread the word of Dash Next PowerTech and get more people in. And that's for your benefit as well, because the more people will be in, the more powerful the platform will become, and we'll be able to develop more features and help you out even more. right? And finally, you can't give away side merchant hybrid websites for free or as a bonus. And that's just obvious, right? Now, I don't include, like there are typically a lot of sort of small different rules, but I don't want to kind of, you know, micromanage anything. And I just want to give you these big rules. And you know, you know, typically a person knows when you do the right thing. So for example, don't go to my forums and start to pitch hybrid websites, right? Don't do that, right? Because obviously we'll ban you and nobody will be happy with that, right? You have a great opportunity here to turn your investment inside merchant program to an evergreen long-term moneymaker. And I really highly recommend you do that, right? So don't do dumb things. Focus on how you can flip this to $1,000, $2,000, $5,000, $10,000 within a couple of short months, right? So having said this, let's dive into the agency ROI training. All right. So first, what I want to say is that on the sidebar, so when you watch this video right now in the membership, on the left side, you are going to see a tab which is going to be called something like SDM1 or something like that. And under that, you are going to find your import file for three additional products and also import files for each of the reviews, right? So if you go right now to the dashboard of the store, then you remember what you will need to do. You simply just go to where was the products import from CSV. You will be just dragging and dropping this file right here, right? And you will just adjust it. So product name product title regular price current price main product description extra product description main product image and then additional images right Product sources, product source URL, and then product source price, right? And you'll be able to basically just import all of them and just select health and fitness category for now. And you'll be able to import all these products into the draft mode. And then you know what to do. Basically, follow the same training that was covered in the main setup videos. And that's what you will kind of get all the things covered, right? So you can go through these videos and literally set these products up and then also import each an individual review. And instead of having, you know, three products, you can have right away six products, which are all awesome products. I handpicked those products. I created descriptions for them. You know, there's a lot of custom things done to make sure that they convert and make you money, right? So that's on the sidebar. You will find that on the left side. So make sure you check that out. Now, let's talk about how you can turn this awesome setup, which is the hybrid setup, how you can turn that to a service that makes you a lot of money, right? And there are obviously a lot of ways how you can do it. Obviously, you can find clients yourself in multiple different ways. But what I want to suggest is I want to suggest to sign up for Fiverr. And I've included the link below. If you are not familiar with Fiverr, make sure you sign up. This is a brilliant place where you can start to literally sell this service today and make money. And what's beautiful about this is that if you will approach this with attention to detail and with some kind of dedication for a little bit of time, let's say for a week or something, you will try to really kind of learn what they teach about the gigs and really just get the platform going get the understanding of the platform you be able to create an evergreen money system If you type in dropshipping store here, okay? So if you just look at some of the top sellers right here, for example, this guy, I will build a high converting dropshipping Shopify store. 1,000 plus reviews, $95. This one, 414 reviews, $495, right? I'll build seven-figure Shopify store, $145, $95, right? $250, $645, $445, $35. It really depends. Obviously, as you build your profile, as you become more professional, you'll be able to charge and command more money. And this is an amazing way for you to create a money-making business from scratch, right? So let's just explore. Let's take a look at this guy since he's selling quite a bit. Um, so first, what I want to say is you see 41 orders in queue, right? Um, now obviously this guy has established profile. You know, if you look right here, he has been a member for over, you know, two years now. So it's, it's a, it's a significant amount of time, very responsive. Um, so, so obviously it will take time for you to, uh, to, um, you know, to get to that level. However, if we start to look at this, okay, so for example, look at this, right? He's building a full niche branded store, you know, and, you know, you can read the description here what he's doing. And essentially what he's doing, he's building a dropshipping store. And people that are buying this, they have to actually sign up for Shopify and have to pay a recurring fee for Shopify. Okay? So people are paying $495 in order to have, you know, obviously he's offering 50 products, five pages, design customization, responsive design. And these are things that you also have, like responsive design and all the elements that Dash Next PowerTech provides. You have all of those.  But the advantage, the big advantage is that they will not need to pay subscription, right? And so you can market this in different levels. You can set up a basic level, let's say for $35, where someone just buys a store with three products and a couple of customizations, things like that. but you require them to sign up with Dash Next PowerTag and buy the license. Then you can offer a standard where you say, all right, so I'm going to provide you everything done for you with the license, right? So all you have to do is just tell me what kind of store you want, what is the brand name that you want, and I'm going to build it for you, right? And so what I suggest is that you start to study these offers on Fiverr and you start to understand what they are really selling and what you can do, right? What you can do and how you can do it. For example, this one. This is probably a level one seller. So this is a rather new seller. and, you know, he's selling for like $20, the store for $20. But still, these people that buy, they have to pay for Shopify, right? So you have that advantage that, you know, when they build on Dash Next PowerTech and you can build that for them using the hybrid setup, right? then you don't have to ask them to sign up for Shopify and pay for Shopify. So what you need to do is you basically need to go through the profile verification process. And once you go through that, you can start to do selling and you'll get to the screen where you can start to say, for example, I can create, I will create a winning dropshipping and affiliate and click bank affiliate e store for example right And then you can select category here For example this was programming and tech you know there e development select the time for website creation here you type in suggest other type in dash next power tech right and then in search tags this is where you can start to find, you know, different, you know, different tags that people use. For example, you can go here and type in dropshipping. And you can start to see like, these are the tags that people are using. So dropshipping store, AliExpress dropshipping, dropshipping eBay, dropshipping Shopify store, and then you can type in also affiliate marketing, for example. and you'll see ClickBank affiliate marketing, affiliate marketing promotion, affiliate link promotion, affiliate marketing website, and things like that. And so copy these couple of things, right? Like copy these few things, like just do the search and then copy them one by one, save them on a document and then use them as a tags, right? So for example, you can type in here dropshipping, you can type in, for example, Shopify, you can type in for example affiliate marketing you can type in clickbank what what else there was let me see affiliate marketing website let's copy that for example right so you can you can type in that so five tags and then you click save and continue and what is mandatory meta details is missing all right so I figured it out so here's the supported plugins and what we want to do we want to dropship do drop shipping and we want to do yeah that's that's pretty much drop shipping and yeah that's pretty much it here I mistakenly selected you know Shopify. So I would need to refresh this and start from scratch. So let me save and continue right now and type in letters and numbers only. So I need to type in end and then click Save and continue. So don't select Shopify. Okay, so don select Shopify More than 20 characters in the tag so I guess this This one is too much so click Save And that why you need to kind of spend a little bit of time and learn what are these things But as you can see like right now, we got to the place where you can start to kind of create your package, create all the fast delivery and things like that and add additional things. So this is something you have to kind of dig into and learn a little bit and figure out your own package. But you can just, you know, start here with the, you know, basic or kickstart or standard, for example. I typically use like this. I start, I call it, get it started. Then it's growth. Then it's enterprise. Right? Something like that. And then you just describe the details about each of it, delivery time, you know, a couple of days, obviously, things like that. And then you can add, for example, you know, things like, for example, additional services, extra files delivery, you know, design customization, for example, you know, extra, you can charge extra, for example, you know, $25 for logo, for example, or something like, or $45 for logo or something like that, right? Whatever you can come up with, you will need to spend some time to figure this out. There is no recipe for like, there's no recipe how you should do because you need to figure it out on your own. Only then you will be able to sell this effectively. The fact though, is that you can absolutely do this, okay? So you can absolutely create things here on Fiverr. And what is going to happen is that you will have five businesses that you can sell over and over and over and over again and do additional customizations and things like that. And if you will get to the point where you need support, where you need help and you are selling a lot, then you can reach out to us and we will figure out some, for example, arbitrage system where we can maybe create something on a bulk for you if you start to sell a lot. And so we can help you to facilitate that service. But absolutely use Fiverr. This is your shortcut to make money right away Literally if you sit down right now and create a nice gig and really figure out all the elements for the gig you can have the full ROI of the program back by tomorrow literally That how quickly that can become, right? And obviously, you can promote the gig the same way as you would promote any business, right? Absolutely the same way. So very, very powerful stuff. In fact, this profile I created as a new profile here just for demonstration purposes. Like I really just created it today. But, you know, when I started out in 2009, 2010, I actually did a lot of gigs exactly this way. I bought a program. Back then I bought some plugins with unlimited licenses and I was doing installation services. And I was selling 10, 15, 20 orders per day on some of the days. And that's how I made money. Because I was so good on those things. And I was able to deliver service very, very quickly. So it allowed me to generate additional cash flow, additional revenue as I was building my business. And this is why setting it up is a perfect way. And look at this. There are like, even on the first level, if you look at this person right here, she signed up on October 2020 and she already has like 52 reviews, right? And she's selling for what, 20 bucks is a basic level, right? And obviously, premium level is 60 bucks, right? So if someone buys $60 a level, then obviously that's already more money for you. But a good thing for you is that you can advertise the hybrid business as affiliate and dropshipping. And not a lot of people offer that kind of combination, ClickBank affiliate and dropshipping. And you can explain on the gig why that is cool. You see here is the gig format. these people are using the same format pretty much, and that's what you can do as well. So that's option one. Option two is obviously Flippa.com, and Flippa.com is something where you can build a website on your domain. Like right now, I have created this on lifestyleflavor.com, and I can...  set up a Google Analytics and all the analytics stuff and authorize my profile here and start to sell the website right away, right? I can start to sell the website right away. And so you can see how people are selling. You can do some research and see how people are selling the websites. There is also a valuation tool here, which you can use. You can type in some stuff in there and they will give you answers and you can understand what kind of valuation you can get. But the key thing is that Flippa is the biggest website seller marketplace. And if you followed my guidelines when it comes to building the domain name with a valuation already in it, then you have a great chance to sell that for, you know, hundreds of dollars a piece, right? So you can build a brand. And if you think about the costs, you have licensing costs of like $17 or something. Then you have the business cost, which is $30. So that's like $50 together. Then domain plus logo, it's about $100 in total. And if you flip that to, let's say, $300 or $400, you already made five times the money. And you can repeat that process. Just find another domain, set it up, and do the same thing again. okay so that that's the power of the setup oh of course as you will become better also on fiverr you can start to customize and add more things like for example you can sell you know you can add three more products uh yourself and you know and sell store just a store you can set up a gig where you have the hybrid system and you can set up a gig where you are building just the store itself right So store alone And in both cases you can make money The key thing is that you can flip this small investment that you have done to evergreen money So you be getting orders once in a while and start you know and just getting right away all the time. And as a lot of people have discovered here, you know, they are making some serious money every single month, you know, because with your own business, there is always a risk. Whereas here, it's a service. If someone wants it, they buy it, they already paid the money, you build it for them, and that's it. And you make money. So Flippa is the other one solution that you can use. And the final one which I want to recommend, which you can try out, is called warriorforum.com. It was extremely powerful community back when I started in 2011, 2010, 2009, it was exceptionally powerful. If you were not on a warrior forum, then you were just really missing out on a lot of things. Today, it's not so much anymore. But still, you can launch your own WSO, which is called the premium offer. So you can log in, you can set it up, and you can launch basically a warrior special offer where you can build, for example, a done for you, as you can see, a lot of people are doing this done for you, affiliate and e-commerce store, right? And you can absolutely do that, you know, again, setting up your page, setting up everything, all the details and just, you know, selling the service. Or you can also do what you can do. You can go to Warriors for Hire and you can sell your service here as well. Now again, I have done both. I have done both on the forum. I have done many Warrior special offers In fact my first four or five digital products that I launched or even more than that were on Voriant Forum This was in 2011 2012 I think 2012 was the last time we did that because after that we were switching to different other marketplaces. But this was the place to go for sure. Then, by the way, there is one more place I want to show you. it's called Warrior Plus. And Warrior Plus is an affiliate network. And this will require for you to set up your own sales page and host it on your own sales page. But what you can do, you can start to, you can sell products through the marketplace and you can attract affiliates to those products. So again, you can set up a done for you offer where you are selling, for example, a hybrid website, done for your hybrid website, and you sell it as a service and you attract even affiliates and sell it for instantly, like for example, 10 spots or 15 spots or something like that, right? So this is a very, very powerful stuff as well. So there are multiple ways how you can go about this. The one thing which I want to say though, which is super important, is that you need to focus. No matter what you do, figure out which one you will pick. And each of these that I shared with you, whether it's Fiverr, whether it's Flippa, whether it's Warrior Forum, whether it's Warrior Plus, each of these can generate enormous amount of money for you in comparison to your investment. But you have to take action. You have to build the gig. You have to build your profile. You have to learn a little bit about Fiverr itself so that you can create a customized offer and start to really get the results for yourself And if you look at here like if you look at this guy obviously we already talked about it. He has 41 orders in Coup, right? And that just shows the power of that, right? That just shows the power of this thing, right? And some of these are definitely $495 offers, right? And so you can build this out easily as well, okay? Absolutely easily as well. And so start to think about this. And yeah, if you need help, just reach out to us. We are going to help you with services. but combining dropshipping with ClickBank affiliate marketing is essentially the most powerful hook you can post here on Fiverr and get orders for. So start to do this and then we will just release the businesses. You will find them on the sidebar and just put one gig for each of the business types and each of the niches. And you can, for example, when you build your gig, you can say, I'm going to build the dropshipping and Clickbank affiliate site in a weight loss niche, in a relationship niche, in each of the respective niches. And that's it. And just repeat that process over and over again and make money. So that's how you can turn your side merchant agency setup to an easy money that comes every single day in the form of orders on Fiverr. Or if you are focusing on Flippa, you'll be able to flip websites as often as you want. You just need to get started with that. So that's it for this video. I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.