 Hey, this is Peter Gourdy with the Side Merchant Program, and we are in the money machine video. So we are going to be talking about how to turn your hybrid business number five to a money making machine. And this is an exciting moment because if you watch this video, that means that you have completed the setup, you have everything ready, and you literally just wanna start to promote and start to make money, which is exciting. So let's first look at the setup that we have. So first, you have the high-value domain. This will establish your base value of the business. So the traffic and results that you will get can be just added on top of it. And we talked about this extensively. And I showed you my methodology, how I'm picking a domain name. But this is super, super important because if you pick a domain name that's so wrong, that just doesn't sound right, that is like some kind of manipulation or something like that, essentially, if you choose a domain name that's not really like a real brand and you can't create a real brand from it, then obviously you will fail. It's just inevitable. And I have seen this so many times with so many people, it's not funny anymore, right? Because people just try to copy me sometimes by watching the videos, try to pick a domain just sounds just like mine, thinking that, you know, that gives them some kind of advantage when in reality, that sabotages the entire thing. And, you know, I really hope you have not done that because then you are shooting yourself in foot. And you basically are limiting your options, right? Now you have a powerful list building funnel with an instant email follow-up sequence promoting the best affiliate offer in the pets niche. And we talked about how powerful this niche is in the first video. I gave you the article that covers all the data about the industry, how quickly it's growing, how big the market is, what's the market size. And it's just insane how big that is, right? And the opportunity for you to build a business that can make you money for years and even decades to come is just incredible, right? And all you have to do is just put your attention to it 100% and focus on the business right You have a dropshipping store with three handpicked and optimized product offers plus reviews That your baseline to start with Again super powerful You have the products that are high selling products that has you know some of them are thousands and thousands of orders on AliExpress. So it's clearly demonstrated that people are buying that stuff. And so, you know, now you'll be able to just add to that and build on top of it, right? And then you have obviously everything hooked up together under a single brand so that you can just focus on the promotional step. So let's quickly review the setup that we have. So first, let's start with the website. And we have these three pages here. So we have the main landing page here where we have the logo. Obviously, we have these placeholder links, as I like to call them. And these all placeholder links takes you pretty much to the banner, which is promoting the product in your store. Because ultimately with this landing page, what do you want to achieve is two things. Either someone clicks on this box and opt-ins to receive the free report, or they click either on these banners here on the sidebar, or they click on the products link here and they go to your store with the products, right? That's what you want. You also have obviously the upsell page with all the information about the report and then automatically redirecting people to the offer page, which is, again, this is what you want. You want them to go there. You want them to check out the site because sometimes people need to see it five, seven times before they buy. And that's why you want to kind of repeat that and just send them over again and again and again. Okay. And then we have, you know, delivery page where, again, you have these links that are now purely affiliate links. And then you have, you know, the report itself where, you know, people can download the report. And you have, you know, links here, again, affiliate links taking to the affiliate offer. Right. And then on top of that, for the funnel itself, you have the follow-up emails here, which means that once people will opt into your email list, they are going to receive emails on day zero, day one and day two, which is again, the hottest moment to convert someone to the actual buyer which is what this goal is here right So you build the list but you don want just an email list What do you want to have You want to have a buyer list So either someone bought a product on ClickBank or bought the product from your store right That what you want Now on the store side, we have obviously here, we have all three products, everything optimized. and I think this product particularly, I like a lot. It has a lot of options and the pricing capabilities, which just a single sale of this already is $87 and you make something like 40 bucks from that, which is pretty, pretty powerful right from that. But at the same time, all other products are really designed to maximize your list building opportunity. Because what do you want to do, you want to build a list. You want to get as many subscribers as you possibly can. And the best thing to get a subscriber is when they buy something from you, right? It's just absolutely the best way. And so that's why you have this created in this particular way. And this product as well is very cheap. Perfect, perfect product to get things going. Okay. So very good stuff there. Also, I want to show you real quick, you know, in terms of banners, if you go to the main landing page, if you go here inside, you'll find that in the image folder, you have the banners for other products as well. And you can switch them and change them and kind of update your main landing page with different banners linking to different products. And that will just, you know, maximize your opportunity, you know. So you'll need to test and figure out which of the products converts the best, but only the time will tell you, right? So once you'll start to drive 100, 150 people per day to your hybrid website, that's when you will be able to start to test and define what really works and what doesn't. All right, so now let's talk about how to turn this beast to revenue because ultimately that's what it's about. And I'm going to give you high-level steps that you can take right away today and start to implement immediately to get results. So the first step is obviously you need to establish your brand online. And the way how you establish your brand is through social profiles. So you want to set up Facebook Instagram TikTok Twitter YouTube channel everything across the board You want to customize it so it looks really professional like a real brand And you want to start to post something there an image or a short video post because you want to build some initial engagement. You want to post across all platforms, whether you do that individually or you use some tools to do that. It really doesn't matter what's the process there. The key thing is that you start to build the real brand. And so you start to do social posts on a regular basis, right? My tip here is you can use high quality 600 by 600 pixel images with quotes or text, something that your target audience might like. So obviously something related to, in this case, dogs or pets in general. But obviously dogs is the primary thing here. So you're going to look up some nice images and create some nice slideshows from there and just schedule posts on a regular basis, right? You want to create a dedicated Facebook ad account. This is very important. So you want to use your Facebook business manager to create a new Facebook ads account for this hybrid business specifically. So you want to also create Facebook Pixel and install it on both your website and your store. And the key thing is to remember that you want to use one new ad account for this entire business, right? You don't want to use some other ad accounts or something like that. No, brand new ad account for this particular business. And then what you want to do, you want to warm up your Facebook ad account. And the way how you do it is you simply create an engagement ad where you don't promote your hybrid business yet, but you just run $3 to $5 per day ad for up to five, seven days to a video or engaging image on your Facebook page. And the purpose of this step is to basically get Facebook to charge you first $25 from that particular ad account so that, you know, before you start to promote some kind of product, right? And so that's why you, in the step one, you start to post some images, start to post some videos. And in the step two, you are basically warming up your Facebook ad account. Next, what do you want to do? This is where, you know, kind of you need to start to take strategic action. So this is where you are going to create highly engaging videos. Along with the side merchant program, you've got the content arbitrage method. So use that method to create one high quality video per week and publish it on all your social media sites. What I want to say is just  You want to spend quite a bit of time to figuring out what that video is. And I would say that this niche is super cool for those kind of things because there are, you know, millions of images out there with some funny dogs that is going to create engagement. It's just very, very easy to create engagement in a niche like this, right? So you want to create that and then you want to promote it with video views ad. you need a very little budget here, maybe $3 to $10 per day maximum, since these videos will go viral. So if you have done a good job when you are creating the video, they will ultimately go viral, which means that people are going to comment, they are going to like it, they are going to share it. So you will get a massive, massive audience from that, right? And in the description, you can include a link to the article, the main landing page of your website. You can absolutely do that, no problem at all. And once you have done this, you can then start to create custom audiences with people who watched your video and who visited your website and store. You can separate them. So you can create one audience that for people who watched your video, let's say 50%, one audience who watched your video 75% or 95%. And then you can create, for example, an audience from people who have visited your website. And then you can create an audience from people who have visited your store. You want to create these custom audiences, right? Then in step number four, you want to create a focused retargeting campaigns to those audiences, right? So you're going to create a conversion ad for one product on your store. Just focus on one product at a time. Don't try to create ads for all three products right away. Just focus on one product at a time, right? Launch it with a $5 per day budget and send traffic to that product page on your dropshipping store Just launch the ad per day budget and send traffic to that product page on your dropshipping store Keep the ad running all the time as it will get better and better as your audiences will grow Because the more your video is going to get traction, the better this ad is going to perform. That's just how this machine works. And then you want to repeat this process, right? You want to continue to publish daily posts across all your social channels. You're going to create a new video using the CAM training method, so content arbitrage method. You're going to promote your new video with new Facebook engagement ad, and you want to retarget the audiences with product ads. And here's the tip. As you will go and repeat this process, you can start to stack product offers. You want to create ads for each product on your store and show those product ads to audiences from all your videos. So for example, in the week number one, you have the first video. So now you have the first video and you have the first product ad. But in the next week, you already have two videos, right? And you can now promote the same product to those two separate audiences. And each week, it's going to be growing. And that's why probably it will take a good couple of weeks before you will start to see real, real results. But they will come as avalanche. There will be one moment, if you will repeat this process, there will be this one moment where sales will come like avalanche. You will start to get like 10, 20, 50, 100 sales per day. That's what you can expect if you will execute this process in a proper way. All right. So that's pretty much it when it comes to this side merchant hybrid business. All you have to do now is take action and start to make money. You absolutely have everything in place and there is a great opportunity for you to make lots of, lots of money with this business. This is Peter Geraghty. I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.