 Hey, this is Peter Gyrdy with the Side Merchant Program, and in this video, I'm going to show you how to set up your main landing page for your hybrid website. Let's dive in. All right, so right now I'm on the command hub, and what we need to do is we need to go inside of the custom pages. And just like we previously set up this quiz thank you page, this giveaway upsell page, delivery page, and giveaway page itself, we need to now set up the main hybrid landing page. now what do you want to do you want to go a couple of videos ago and you want to locate the download file where we had all of these pages so if you look here on these pages so we have set up this last step page we have which is the quiz thank you page we have set up this upsell page which is this giveaway upsell page we have set up the delivery page which is this one and we have set up the the giveaway page itself which is this last one right and what we are going to be doing right now is we are going to be setting up this landing page, right? And also what I want to say is make sure that you have this recent file of the landing page because we have made some updates there and I'm going to be using the most recent one. So make sure you download maybe the package again if needed and then follow along at this video. So the way how we will do this is we will simply click add a page and we are going to be dragging and dropping this landing page right in here and it will automatically launch this page as you can see and so what we can do here we can call this hybrid landing page right so this is our main main landing page right and here we have you know, we can shorten the permalink to make it easier to remember. So like this, click save. And here, of course, you have other optimization options. Like for example, you have the SEO and open graph stuff, but we are going to be talking about all that in the optimization video. However, what I want to do right now is really go inside of the inline editor and make the editing of the page. So let's click inline editor. This is going to launch this sort of complex page. And so we want to do all the updates that are needed for this particular page So let start from the very top So the first one is as you can see there is a logo that you need to kind of replace this image with your logo So you click on that, select the image, and what you can do, you can simply drag and drop your logo here. I have already done this before, so I can just select my logo, I can click apply, and this will automatically replace my logo right here. Also here we have some links here which we are going to be updating later a little bit different way. But here what we want to do now is we want to scroll down a little bit. So here we have the quiz for which we created this last step page, right? But we want to scroll down and we wanna update these banner links, right? So here we have the banner that should take people to the product page where you sell this product. And so if I'm looking now inside of my file here, right? So I have here all the products somewhere listed. So I have this magnetic weight loss insoles and I have this short link for it, right? So I can now use this short link for that link right here. So let's do this. So the way how we will do it, we will just grab this link, right? And we are going to click on it, click on the link, put the URL here. You can also, if you want to do very, very accurate, you can absolutely do this title as well. It will make it look better, of course. All right. And then on the sidebar, you can do the same right away. So again, title, let's put the link, which is this one. Let's put that link in here. Click apply. So we have updated two. Let's scroll down. Let's see where we have the banners more. So here again, we have the banner link and let's grab the title here. All right. And you can grab it obviously from your store as well. But we have done that in some of the previous videos. So again, let's scroll down. Let's see if we have banners more. Here it is. Okay, so that's title. So now we need to grab the link here. Let's grab the link, click apply, scroll down here again right So link and then we have the title somewhere here like this Click apply right So now we have done that The next step that we can do right away is here replace the information in the footer. So first we need to replace the domain. So let me scroll back up. Here is my domain name for this business. So let me just replace it. Click apply. Then we want to replace these links here. So again, I have my terms link here, right? So it's a really simple, straightforward process. So just copy and pasting links. This is really, really easy and anybody can do it. All right, click apply, click about. like this apply and finally contacts let's just grab the contacts link here and then click edit and here we can add the link so now we have done that as well all right so i would recommend at this moment to simply save the information so it's already stored and then go back inside of the inline editor and as I mentioned before we have these two links here products and free report you can't edit them separately or you or you do I didn't know this so it's cool I discovered something new so we click on this link and here I would change this product to not with capital letters and here we want to link to our store right and so let's go find our store link. So here is our store. We can just simply grab this link. So we want to link to the page, to the homepage of our store, right? Click apply. Let's see how it changed. It changed. On the free report, we want to do the same. So this one I will leave with capital letters. And here I have this free giveaway page that I have created before that we updated in the So let's add that here, right? Click apply. So now you have the navigation links updated as well, which is beautiful. So the final step that you need to do on this page before we test everything out is you need to add the easy opt trigger here right And in order to do that we want to click edit this and we want to take the code view delete this right and here we want to click this easy opt-in icon we're going to select the main landing page form we're going to select the button click Next and then we can create a button for example free download right and then select the fonts right maybe dotted maybe two maybe something red here or maybe something yellow to stand out and then for the button color I would go back to my Easy Opt-ins button colors and just pick this one, right? And here I would add this one. So this is nice. And here I would make it more sharper, right? Something like, yeah, this is cool. Insert and now click apply. And now you can see this button just shining right here on the page. Now we click save. right we exit the page we publish the page and now we can go and test it out so here we have the page so first we have this trigger so let's check this out so as you can see it's nice form everything is covered so again if people would click on this no thank you or on the cover image they would be redirected to our offer we are our affiliate link if they close it then they get back you can obviously test these banners to see if they redirect to the actual product page as you can see this is happening properly so let's go back and then you can also test these links here for example free report link yeah it takes us where we want it and then let's test the products yep it works perfectly let's go back and then you know you can also test obviously the the links here at the bottom, test every single banner. And then finally, what do you want to do? You want to definitely test this quiz. So let's say like this, like this, like this. All right, now it's analyzing. And what do you want to make sure is that it redirects to the existing page on your website. So if you followed and you put the last step as,  as I instructed in the video, then you will have this working automatically and you will have these links working through your affiliate links automatically, right? So you can, for example, click burn belly fat. It will trigger this window again and then show my personalized solution and that will take to the actual affiliate offer as you can see right here, right? So pretty cool setup here. And of course, this is a real moneymaker as well, right? so now we have the hybrid landing pages place as well we have updated it we have added the easy opt-in form so it's triggered there as you can see we have two forms you can of course test both of these forms so on the giveaway page and also on the hybrid page to make sure that everything works and the email actually gets added to your get response account but other than that we have completed the pages. So that's about it when it comes to the topic of this video. So I'll see you in the next video. Thank you.