 Hi, this is Peter Gyrdy with Side Merchant Program. This is introduction video for the side merchant business number five. I'm super thrilled about this one because this is one of those niches where you can make money for years and I would even say decades to come. Literally, this is the niche where you have absolutely no limitations whatsoever and there's just enormous opportunity for growth for anyone really who wants to focus on it. So let's dive into the niche and I'm going to show you everything. I'm going to show you the offer. I'm going to show you products that you are going to be selling with this hybrid business and so much more. So let's dive in. All right. So the first thing that I want to share with you is this article that I found. So the niche and the industry that we talk about here is the pet industry. And obviously, we will be focusing more on dogs. But at the same time, if you take a moment and read this article, you can learn so much about the industry in general. You can learn so much about the value of it, the size of it, the growth potential. And literally, there is so much money into this market. It's unbelievable. You can see that the projection is to 2025, it's going to be nearly $270 billion, which is insane, right? It's just an incredible, incredible market. And so, yeah, spend some time, read this article, learn about the niche. As always, it's super crucial to learn about it, to understand it, Because no success can come from just blindly trying to promote products. There is no opportunity there. The opportunity is if you spend some time on the niche, learn about it, and then you set things up in a proper way, as I'm teaching you here in the Side Merchant Program. And then you just expand and you grow and you promote it and you really expand your brand. That's where the money is going to come from. And one thing I want to say here or I should say two things here before we dive into the offer itself is that number one this is one of those niches where it super valuable to build an email list because there is just infinite opportunity to make money with that list Typically if someone has a dog it very likely that he will have that dog for a number of years, right? And sometimes that's for decades, all right? And so there are different things that they will need, right? It obviously depends on the person, depends on the location and things and so on, right? But in general, you can get a customer for life, right? If you pay close attention and you really treat them well. And this is why building a list in this niche is super, super powerful. Another thing, and as you can see right now, before I mentioned the second thing, is you can see the formula here. We have the visitors, we have conversion rates, we have the lifetime value, which you will figure out as you will grow it. And then there is variable costs, which is obviously your products and marketing and things like that. And then you have profits. And this is the growth formula for pretty much any business, no difference here. But that's how you actually get results. Now, the second thing that I want to mention is that this particular niche, it's so easy to advertise this niche on, let's say, on Facebook or Instagram or across any social platform. because dogs, cats, pretty much any pet is kind of fun, right? And there's a lot of fun videos that people love to watch. And so creating engagement is not really difficult here at all. So when you will be promoting it, it will be significantly easier than in some of the other niches. And on top of that, this is a totally white hat, meaning there is literally no limitations in terms of advertising. I mean, unless you do something really stupid, there is no really limitations when it comes to promoting this through social media. So very, very, very powerful stuff. And that's why I highly recommend you read this article. And that's why I spent so much time on it during this video. I just want you to succeed, right? All right. So let's look at the product that you'll be promoting with this hybrid business that we will prepare for you, right? Obviously later on you can change and do it however you want. So if we go to home and gardens and we go to animal care and pets then the number one product that you see here at the top is this brain training for dogs And this is really really good you know no hype type of offer right I actually have a couple of years ago, I actually talked to this manager who's managing this business. Like Adrienne, she's actually a real dog trainer. She's really a certified jog trainer. So she knows what she talks about. And while this page is kind of not so hypey, right, as some of the other ones, this is actually a real thing, right? So that's why it's kind of sitting on the top right now. You know, you can see that the gravity is pretty high. A lot of people are promoting it in the niche. And it's kind of dominating force right there, right? So it's a very, very powerful offer. Um, and it's also a long-term, right? It's very, very long-term and they have the affiliate page here with a couple of resources and things like that. And obviously you can reach out to them and they will, they will respond and so on and so forth. Uh, so really, really solid, solid offer to build, uh, your commissions on ClickBank around. Now, this one, I think, uh, this was, I think, also a good offer, but I think it was limited to people who have, you know, you need to whitelist your sort of, you need to get whitelisted, which means that you have to have some proof, right? And once you'll get like a couple of thousand subscribers on your email list, you can pretty much get that proof, right? And then it's going to kind of work out really, very well, right? But this offer, anybody can promote. It's just, you can click a button and just start to promote, which is why it's pretty, pretty cool. Now, in terms of physical products, the idea here is similar that with some of the other niches, my core belief is that if you can buy a buyer's email list quickly, especially using physical products, that's your fast track to success in this niche. And that's why I have picked some really cool products that are selling really well So this one is selling really well It a very cheap product It very easy to kind of sell it And it a very easy kind of position it You don have to do much marketing in order to position it right Another product is this one And this one is kind of more of a value-based. So for example, if you pick this hundred and you pick any of these, right, you'll see that the price of this is pretty high out of the gate because it's very, very large, right? But that means also that you can make a lot of profit from this from a single customer, right? And you can see that it has generated lots and lots of orders. There's lots of reviews here as well. Very positive reviews, 83% five stars. So really good stuff, right? Very, very good stuff. So this is kind of very, it can become a very good, for example, an upsell later on or things like that. And if someone will buy this, you'll make a lot of money right from that one customer, right? And then the third product is also very, very cheap, very useful. As you can see, lots of reviews, lots of orders. Again, this is a list building product, right? I mean, this product, if you will do promotion correctly, as I'm teaching you throughout the side merchant program, then you'll be able to get profits from this. But more importantly, you'll be able to get a lot of people on a buyer's list. And for example, when someone buys this thing, you can automatically upsell them this one, right? Which is brilliant because this one can make you, for example, $40, $50 in pure profit, especially as an upsell offer, right? So that's essentially all about the offer itself. As I said before, I really want to encourage you to read this article about the pet industry in general, understand it better so you can really understand the niche and then just get busy going through the steps and building the thing up, right? Because I'll provide everything for you to have the side merchant site up and running. literally today you can just you know follow the videos and then you know all you have to do is just start to promote and start to make money in this massive massive industry so that's it for this side merchant and business number five introduction video let's go to some action