 Hi this is Peter Gyrdi with Side Merchant Program and in this video we are going to talk about giveaway funnel. So how to set up your hybrid website giveaway funnel pages inside of the Dashnext PowerTech website builder. All right so in the previous video we uploaded all the sources we have the information about our report saved right here in our document. So we can go back to the pages here in command hub and we can go to custom pages. Here we can click add a new page and all we have to do now is take the upsell page and just drag and drop that page in here. It will automatically populate everything, all the details that you need. You can obviously, you know, later on update and provide, for example, the open graph image and things like that. Also, you want to set it up right away to no index and no follow since this is a sort of the backend page, right? Now, in order to customize the page, you want to launch the inline editor, right? And inside of the inline editor, you'll be able to customize a bunch of things here, right? Now, the one thing which I want to suggest right away is create the special redirect link for this particular page. So let's just close the editor. Let's just exit this page. Let's just go back to our command hub. Let's go to redirect pages. And here you want to basically add a new redirect for the offer that we promote. So we want to go to the marketplace again. on ClickBank, we want to click promote. And here we want to provide our ID again. And here you can say something like, for example, upsell, or you can just make this shorter and not so obvious. Click generate the link and copy the link. Go back to your dashboard, paste it in here. And here again you can type in the name. So this is going to be Upsell Redirect, Upsell Offer. Let's call it that way. And we can name it here. So this is what was the name here. Let me just copy this name here so I don have to type it so much Offer on Clickbank And then here what we want to say, special presentation. Special presentation. Let's call it that way. Click save, copy the URL, and paste that URL somewhere here. So let me just, this is going to be upsell page, offer a redirect. Let me call it like that. So this is going to be the one on the upsell page. And then we also need one for the delivery page. So we are going to, again, call the same offer redirect. And we will be doing exactly the same thing. So let me just make this more visible. So here what we will do, exit this. We're going to, again, click promote. And here we are going to type in thank you something like that so something you that you can remember and that can allow you to recognize where that sale came from right and so again this is going to be delivery page redirect and this is going to be the same offer let's just copy this offer on Clickbank and here exclusive video presentation. Let's call it that way. Click save, copy the URL and put the URL here. So now you have all the elements that you need in order to build those pages that you need. So you go back to your triggers, you go back to the custom page here. You click edit and now you go inside of the inline editor and all you have to do really here is change these links at the bottom and change this link right here. Okay so let's start with this link right here. So let's select it and as you can see there is an affiliate link. So right now you're going to grab this particular link right. So you're going to grab that, click apply. So now this link is changed. And then what you want to do, you also want to update these links at the bottom, right? So you want to click edit, and then you want to go back and just change these links from here Okay So let do this real quick Privacy the same Let do again Okay Apply Disclaimer the same thing Apply Then we have about let change that as well And then finally we have the contacts page, which we can change quickly as well, right? Now you have changed everything, click save. You can also update here the link, for example. So, let's call it confirmed. for access, let's call it this way, click save. And now you can exit this and you can enable it and click for the preview. Okay. So now, as you can see, this is how the page looks like. So we want to grab the URL. This is the upsell page and we want to put it here. Okay. Now there is one more thing that is left for you to do. Obviously, I want to check these links that when you click on it, it takes you somewhere. But there's one more thing that is left here to do. So click edit and then go to the header metadata. And here you want to change something as well. So first, you'll find this line which says refresh and you want to select here 15. And you want to also grab this present day offer redirect link and replace the Clickbank link that you will find here. Okay. And I'll show you how that works in a moment. So you want to just carefully replace it. So delete it and just paste it in and now click save. Now, if you exit this and preview the page, watch what happens after 15 seconds. So someone comes to this page, they say, thank you for requesting our free report. You'll receive it, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then after 15 seconds, if they don't click this link, they will be automatically redirected to the offer page that you are promoting. And this is exactly what you want, right? So you want people to go here and visit this page as much as possible, right? That's the purpose of this funnel. And And that's how this upsell page will work for you. So that's the page number one. The page number two that we are building here is delivery page. So you want to click add a page and now you want to select this delivery page and you want to drag and drop it in here And again here you can change things for example immediately you can select no index no follow so that this doesn get indexed You can also let's save it here you can also go to change the permalink for example Thank you, download report, for example, something like that. Click save. And now you have that piece ready. And what you have to do now is you need to go inside of the inline editor. And here we'll need to update a bunch of details on this page. So let's start from the very top. So what do you want to do? You want to grab here this link, this offer redirect link that you created. and you're going to go here at the top and change these links to that, right? And we specifically included this navigation in the thank you page so that you have a greater chance to get people to click through and go and watch the presentation, right? So just make sure you update each and every of these links to make sure that they go through your affiliate link to the actual offer page. Now, scroll down, click on this image, click edit and update the link for the image as well. Okay, then scroll down, click on this link and these are all affiliate links. You're all affiliate links that you need to update one by one. Okay, finally, this one, apply. so now you have changed all the affiliate links the next step that you need to do is you need to provide a download for the report so again what you will do you'll go here find your pdf url copy that and then here is two things click on this image click edit and provide the link for the image click apply so now if someone clicks on the image they'll be able to download the report and then also on this button, the same thing. Again, provide the PDF link, and now they'll be able to download it either from the button or from clicking here at the top of the image, right? Now scroll to the very bottom, and the final thing you have to do, and actually in the previous, I forgot, you have to change the website name as well. So let's change this first thing. So scroll to the top and let me just update here  So this is going to be your triggers. Okay, so we wanna change this here. Click Apply. So now it's changed. And what do we wanna do? We wanna change all the links as well. Okay, so click on Terms, links here, Privacy, again, just copy and paste these links. Nobody will click on them anyway, but it's just important to have them. So you want to make sure that you have everything in place. And then contacts page here. And then finally about page, right? And of course, you want to maybe invest some time in the about page and make it, you know, appealing and everything else. But that's not mandatory, especially when you are just starting out. Click save. And now you have saved absolutely everything. You can exit this. You can enable the page. And you can preview the page, okay? So now as you can see, you'll have the download links working. Make sure you test everything So you have the actual download page available so you can copy this URL and save it here for the link of the delivery page So now you have all the pages for the giveaway funnel And remember we had the issue here. So let me just go and fix that. So we had the issue here at the bottom. So I will actually need to remove this timer in order to fix it. So I will do it another way. So I'm going to unlock the code editor. I'm going to scroll to the very bottom and I'm going to find a place where you have yourdomain.com. So I don't have to change my timer again there, right? So I'm going to just copy and paste my name in here, click save. And now I have fixed the issue. And if I click on this link, you'll see that in the bottom we have the issue fixed. Okay. So that's it for this video. We have both of our elements that we needed for the funnel in the system now. And now we'll go to the next steps that we need to take in order to set everything up.