 Hey, this is Peter Gordy with the Side Merchant Program. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to set up the Easy Opt-in Form for your hybrid business. So let's dive in. All right, so right now I'm on the command hub of my website. And what do you wanna do? You wanna locate this Easy Opt-in Place. And if you have not activated it, make sure you activate this system. And once you have done it, you can simply click Add Form. And once you click that, make sure you select the opt-in form and not the contact form, right? So make sure you select the opt-in form and then click proceed. And now you will have the kind of the settings open here and there are a bunch of different things you need to go through and set up. And so I'll walk you through each and every one of these so you can have a complete form by the end of this video. Now, before we get into this, I want to also mention that below this video, you can download the file. And in that file, I have already pre-created a bunch of different things for the easy opt-in setup so that it's easier for you to set everything up and have everything ready in no time at all. So we will literally be copying and pasting stuff from here to make sure the form is looking good. All right, so let's get started with this. So the first one, we need to give some general information. This is just internal information. So I'll call this report giveaway form. So main report giveaway, right? So you want to give this description here so you can remember what this form was created for because later you might have a bunch of different forms and you don't know, you know, after a while, you will not remember what it was for. and now here we have a bunch of different templates my recommendation is to select the template one use this template just click there and then let's go through these steps so the first one is data collection and here what do you want to do you want to delete the name you just want to keep the email because the less the more information you ask from someone the less likely they are going to give it to you which is why you only need email address you don't need name so as a general rule whenever you know you ask for some information make sure that information is really needed instead of just asking it for the sake of asking it right So in this case we just use email and that fine Next we go to the customization side here And the form background color stays white as it is right now. But the backdrop color is something you want to change. So let's go and look in our file here. So here is the backdrop color. So let's just select that code right here. as you can see the color changes right there and then we want to give a title here so let's go again and let's copy the title right so like this and here what you want to do you want to select the font like this you want to select the size let's see what size I'm recommending so 22 and then color let's copy the color code right here as well and then let's make that bold as you can see it shows up right in here right now then we have content before the opt-in box let's see if we have this so content before the opt-in box we do have it so let's click add content and then let's go and just copy this content from here okay so you can you can copy in two ways you can select the source code copy it like that close it or you can just simply if you want to simplify this you can just simply copy and paste it like this make sure to remove some extra spaces here you just want to have one space as you can see it's kind of messing up things so we need to go back to the code editor and let me show you actually how to do it so let's just paste it in here and then let's just add you know these little tags here this will ensure that it's displayed accordingly right so like this and now you can see it's pretty good so now we want to select it and as you can see I'm recommending this Roboto font style and then 18 size so you want to click here you want to select the size which is 18 and then you want to select the font family Roboto and that's how it looks like now here you can just also make something bold so there are three core triggers that awaken a man's longing for love more than anything else. You just need to activate them Let make them bold Just tell me where to send them and that pretty good all right so now we have that in place so we have the title we have the text and now we need to add the cover image so what do you want to do you want to delete this demo cover and then what do you want to do you want to go back to the report video and under that video i gave you the file which also contained the cover image So you want to just open it up and then you want to just drag and drop that cover image right here. And it's going to upload. This is how it looks like. And you are done. All right. So now let's move to the next part. And the next part, as I mentioned here in the file, so cover image redirect URL. This is optional. And as I also mentioned here, it's important that you only want to set this up if you don't run paid traffic. If you run paid traffic from Facebook or Google, don't set this up. But what essentially this means, it means that if you will enter the URL here, and if someone clicks on the cover image, they are going to be redirected to whatever link you use. So what do we want to use? We want to use our redirect link. So remember, we have this recording file where we have all the links. And so we can have the offer redirect here, which is the link I'm using. So I'm going to take this one and let me actually close it here. So I'm going to take this one, right? And I'm going to enter it here, right? And so now if someone clicks on this cover image, they will be redirected to the offer that I'm promoting. Once again, I want to make sure that you know this because this is very important. If you run Facebook traffic, don't set this up because if Facebook will discover you have affiliate links on your landing page, you will be in trouble, right? So don't do this if you run Facebook ads, all right? Now let's go to the button. So send me the report button text. Let's just add it here, right? So here is the button we have. So button color, let's just set it up here. There's some mistake. So let's set it up green, a roboto. And here, the size, you want to set it up something like 18 maybe, right? Something like that. Don't use bold here. But, of course, this is down to your taste Whatever you like the best is fine right These are just the guidelines You can experiment with this opt form and set it up in the way you like the best right All right, so now decline link, right? So we have this decline link, which is no thank you. And by default, you can use it to close the pop-up. And so all you have to do here, just set it up to Roboto, and it will be kind of aligned with the style you have here. But also what you can do is similarly to this cover image redirect URL You also wanna you can also set up a redirect here But just as I mentioned before if you do this Make sure you are not running Facebook traffic to it, right? So now you enter the same URL you had here for the cover image redirect and if someone says no Thank you what this is going to do It's going to redirect them to the actual offer page where there is a sales video and lots of engagement possible. And of course, you want to do that through your affiliate link. This is how you will make money, right? But again, I want to repeat it for the 10th time or whatever. Don't use this if you run Facebook traffic, if you run paid traffic. In that case, just select close and leave this field empty for good, right? next one confirmation so here uh we want to use the url setup here and what we want to find is we want to find our pages so let's see where we have our pages here let me see so we have the upsell page right that's where we want to send people to so let's copy the upsell page url all right so once they submit the bot submit the opt-in form they are redirected to the upsell page where we have all the information that we want to present to them. So that's where you want to take them, right? So enter that URL right here. All right. So the next and final step is the publishing part. And in the publishing part, you want to select the autoresponder. And in the previous video, you created the email list. So you want to select that email list. Now, if you have not done the autoresponder integration, make sure you go to the integrations here at the top of the screen here and integrate your autoresponder. So if you use getResponse integrate getResponse here and then just select the autoresponder and then just select the list. So let me find a list and select it. All right, so here is my list that I created  created for this giveaway. You can also add optionally tags if you want to. For example, this is my eTriggers report, right? So this way I can use the tags for automation for some stuff later on. Then enable publishing and click save, right? So now you have the easy opt-ins form created. You can also preview it. You can see it, how it will look like on the page. So this is going to be the desktop version. This is going to be on sort of the iPads or stuff like that. And then finally, we have the mobile version as well. This is how it will look like on the mobile version, right? So click save, you can exit. And now you have your easy opt-ins form created. And what this means is that if someone will enter the name, the email in this opt-in form, they are going to be added to your autoresponder as well. and all the settings that we set up here will be executed accordingly, right? And in the next video, I'm going to show you how to set up hybrid landing page. And then I also show you how to use these easy opt-in forms on that hybrid landing page so that you can get those subscribers on your list.